# Item 1A

> Source: crcl-20250930.htm
> Report Date: 2025-09-30
> Filing Type: 10-Q

---

Item 1a. Risk Factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this Form 10-Q, including our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to our business and industry We face intense and increasing competition. We operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend in part on the continued growth of the Circle stablecoin network, our ability to monetize the Circle stablecoin network, and our ability to innovate and create successful new products and services and improve existing products and services. Although there may be certain regulatory and other barriers to enter the markets we serve, we nonetheless expect our competition to continue to increase. We face competition from both established enterprises and early-stage companies that are attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to digital financial services products, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources, and larger customer bases than we do. This may allow them to offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of digital financial products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in end-user and customer preferences. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share or revenues, they may offer terms, including fee structures, that are more favorable than ours, which could result in a decrease of our market share or revenues or lead us to adopt less profitable business practices, or otherwise exert downward pressure on our results of operations. For example, actions and policies of our distributors, over which we do not control or oversee, could negatively impact our results of operations. In any case, with increased competition, we may be required to incur additional costs or expenses relative to our revenue to maintain or grow the Circle stablecoin network and the market acceptance of our products and services. 64 Our current or future competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services, which could attract end-users and customers away from our products and services. For example, we are seeing a rapidly evolving market structure in digital asset trading markets, and certain major trading firms are moving towards TMMFs as a form of collateral. Particularly in the current high interest rate environment, the option to invest in TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets has become increasingly attractive relative to holding non-yield bearing stablecoins, especially for those planning to hold these assets for an extended period of time. Therefore, as TMMFs become more readily accessible and widely integrated on blockchains as a form of collateral in margin trading, we expect to continue to see a shift toward the use of TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets, which could adversely affect the competitiveness and usage of USDC and EURC in this type of use case. Additionally, offshore competitors that purport to be outside of the reach of the GENIUS Act may have a competitive advantage due to more permissive regulatory and tax structures. Some of these competitors appear to not be regulated by any competent authority and to pay taxes that are significantly lower than what Circle pays. When new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or ability to capitalize on new market opportunities. We currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors, including: • payment services; • fiat-backed, asset-backed, digital asset-collateralized, algorithmic, non-backed and yield-bearing tokens; • blockchain infrastructure services; • digital asset safekeeping services; • banks and nonbank financial institutions; and • digital wallet providers platforms. In particular, we compete with and rely on traditional banks for many of the services we offer. We are subject to regulation by a variety of state and federal regulators across our products and services, and we rely on banks to provide banking services to our customers. This regulation by multiple federal, state, and local authorities increases our compliance costs, as we navigate multiple regimes with different examination schedules and processes and varying disclosure requirements. In addition, while the passage of the GENIUS Act has established a clear legal and regulatory framework for stablecoins in the United States, it may attract new market participants that compete with Circle. In particular, banks with well-established customer bases and financial infrastructures may decide to enter the stablecoin industry, which could intensify competition and cannibalize our growth opportunities. We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors, both within and beyond our control, including the following: • the size, diversity, and activity levels of our end-user and customer base; • the timing and market acceptance of products and services, including developments and enhancements to those products and services offered by us and our competitors; • trust, perception, and interest in the digital asset industry and in our products and services; • customer service and support efforts; • selling and marketing efforts; • the ease of use, performance, price, and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors; • changes in economic conditions and government regulation and policies; • our ability to successfully execute on our business plans; • our ability to successfully integrate new products and services with our existing ones; • our ability to continue to enhance our technical infrastructure and technology; • our ability to enter new markets; • our ability to maintain and grow our partnerships with other market participants; 65 • general digital payments, capital markets, blockchain, and stablecoin market conditions; and • our brand strength relative to that of our competitors. If we are unable to successfully compete in our industry, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could suffer materially. Competition from new and existing issuers offering competing products, combined with the rise of yield-bearing digital assets, including TMMFs, that are attractive to digital asset trading participants, may reduce market demand and circulation of Circle stablecoins. With significant growth in the stablecoin market and an increasing understanding that it represents one of the largest potential new markets for financial and payments infrastructures, we expect to continue to see intense competition. In addition, the emergence of yield-bearing digital assets represents an additional source of competition, particularly in light of the current high interest rate environment, which has amplified the opportunity cost of holding stablecoins relative to other yield-bearing digital assets. Stablecoins and other digital assets that are currently issued or may in the future be issued by digital asset trading platforms, major existing global payments companies, major asset management firms, and banks—along with decentralized algorithmic tokens—are likely to increase competitive pressure on Circle stablecoins and could slow our growth or cause significant declines in our market position. Some of these competitors have gained rapid adoption. Given the inherent network effects that accompany stablecoin usage, a rapidly growing competitor, or a well-established payments company, asset management company, or bank that enters the market, could gain enough market share to ultimately limit the viability of Circle stablecoins. As an example of such an adverse impact, the amount of USDT in circulation (the largest stablecoin by stablecoins in circulation, issued by Tether) increased while the amount of USDC in circulation declined for nearly a one year period from late 2022 to late 2023, which we believe reflects the different use cases and underlying competitive dynamics for the two stablecoins. New categories of products that provide novel and attractive features, such as yield-bearing digital assets (including TMMFs), could also gain market acceptance at any time. Additionally, some competitors purporting to be outside the reach of U.S. regulators and to maintain a stable one dollar peg have begun calling themselves, among other things, “synthetic dollars” that pay interest income to end-users. These yield-bearing assets may compete with Circle stablecoins and cannibalize our market share, particularly if we fail to anticipate such market shifts or are slow to enter into these nascent markets. In addition, we issue a TMMF, USYC, following our acquisition of Hashnote. The issuance of TMMFs represents a new facet of our business, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful. USYC may not gain traction relative to existing TMMFs and new TMMFs that compete with USYC may enter the market at any time. In addition, the success of USYC may adversely affect the competitiveness of USDC and EURC as margin collateral, as trading participants naturally gravitate towards yield-bearing digital assets in this particular type of use case. Our entry into this market may also impact our marketing strategy, and we may not be able to anticipate how our customers, shareholders, and the market will perceive and respond to any such shift. The pursuit of new product offerings may also divert management’s attention and redirect the flow of resources away from USDC and EURC. The risks associated with issuing a TMMF in general, and the specific risks of incorporating them into our existing business model, could hinder our ability to successfully implement our business plans and achieve our strategic objectives. Stablecoins may face periods of uncertainty, loss of trust, or systemic shocks resulting in the potential for rapid redemption requests (or runs). Extreme scenarios, such as market shocks that affect the value of USDC reserves or simultaneous requests to redeem all or substantially all USDC in circulation, or concerns related to Circle stablecoin reserves, may lead to redemption delays and USDC reserves being insufficient to meet all redemption requests. Privately issued stablecoins may be subject to the risk of significant and concentrated redemption requests, even when they are fully reserved with high quality liquid assets such as cash and short-dated U.S. government obligations. If we experience significant and concentrated redemption requests with respect to one or more Circle stablecoins, we may need to liquidate a significant portion of Circle stablecoin reserve assets to meet such requests. In extreme cases, the market for the short-dated U.S. government obligations held by the Circle Reserve Fund might not be sufficiently liquid for BlackRock to liquidate them in a way that allows us to meet redemption demands in a timely manner, which could potentially lead to redemption delays. In the most extreme cases, such as a request to immediately redeem all or substantially all of the USDC in circulation, the market for short-dated U.S. government obligations could experience price instability and the USDC reserve may not be sufficient to cover all such redemption requests. When reserve assets and proceeds from reserve assets are not sufficient to cover all redemption requests, we would be required under the laws governing our licenses and registrations as well as under the Circle Mint user agreement (which provides for the redemption of Circle stablecoins on a one-to-one basis for Circle Mint customers) to use our own capital to make up any shortfall. However, our reserve and other policies cannot deter, prevent, or fully protect against significant redemption demand or the ability for the Circle Reserve Fund to meet our redemption requests and banks to meet our withdrawal requests for demand deposits. Currently, all EURC reserve assets are held only in cash. 66 Market participants have increasingly shown concern about the sufficiency and liquidity of reserves for dollar-denominated stablecoins such as USDT and USDC, including due to issues in the traditional financial markets. For example, in March 2023, we announced that we had initiated transfers of the more than $3 billion of deposits from Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) to other banks, but those transfers failed to settle before the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) placed the bank into receivership. Although all of these funds were ultimately made available and transferred to new banks, concerns related to Circle’s access to these funds caused USDC to experience a temporary price dislocation on certain secondary trading markets during the period when banks were closed and until the resulting backlog of redemption requests had been cleared, and the amount of USDC in circulation decreased thereafter. In addition, given the foundational role that stablecoins play in global digital asset markets, stablecoin growth has been tied closely to growth in digital asset markets. As a result, systemic risks that manifest themselves in the digital asset markets may lead to higher-than-normal redemption requests on Circle stablecoins, which could lead to significant and concentrated redemption requests with respect to one or more Circle stablecoins. The collapse of TerraUSD and LUNA in May 2022 underscored the risks associated with algorithmic tokens, which are continuing to play out as trading firms and retail and institutional lenders are facing liquidation and insolvency in the aftermath, as reflected in the Voyager Digital Ltd. and Celsius Network LLC insolvency proceedings, among others. Additionally, the collapse and subsequent insolvency proceedings of FTX also expose the contagion risks related to the broader digital asset market. These market events have brought significantly more attention to some of the risks with digital assets, and we believe have contributed, in part, to outflows from USDC at such times. We believe these events in the traditional financial markets and digital asset markets have underscored the importance of robust transparency, audits, and having regulated stablecoins as building blocks for trust and the functioning of a well-regulated, orderly market for digital assets. While the digital asset market has shown signs of recovery, the full extent of these events may not yet be known. Impacts include, but are not limited to, the consequent and ongoing financial distress and bankruptcy of certain digital asset market participants, loss of confidence in the broader digital asset market, reputational harm to digital asset market participants, increased negative publicity of the broader digital asset market, heightened scrutiny by regulators and lawmakers, and calls for increased regulation of digital assets and digital asset market participants. Except as described elsewhere in this Form 10-Q (see “Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition—Key factors affecting operating results—Exogenous events and macro trends”), we have had no material direct impact to our business, financial condition, customers, or counterparties from these events; however, these events caused changes to the digital asset market as described above, which indirectly impacted our business and our revenue potential. We do not have any known material financial exposure to any digital asset market participant that faced insolvency and liquidity issues, experienced excessive redemptions or suspended redemptions or withdrawals of digital assets, allegedly mishandled customer funds, or experienced significant corporate compliance failures in connection with these events. We are unable to predict the timing or severity of any runs on Circle stablecoins. For example, the collapse of one digital asset or company, including those in the traditional finance sector, such as banks, may result in contagion effects for Circle or the broader digital asset market. As a relatively new innovation, stablecoins are particularly susceptible to operational challenges and risks, including due to surges in demand. The relative novelty of stablecoins may pose operational challenges and risks. In particular, some blockchains that support stablecoins have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, have vulnerabilities that could be abused by malicious users, and are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect their respective underlying blockchains. Those features could lead to novel operational risks related to the settlement and validation of transactions, which could result in fraudulent misuse of such blockchains involving Circle stablecoins or otherwise adversely affect the stablecoins whose protocols are built on top of such blockchains. Failures in one or more public blockchains could result in sustained periods where end-users cannot access or transfer their Circle stablecoins, which could result in Circle stablecoins losing their reputation as a safe and reliable payment technology. Furthermore, we have in the past experienced and may in the future encounter periods of extreme and persistent minting activities, which may result in operational delays in accepting fiat currencies, including due to capacity constraints or otherwise, at the banking institutions where our reserves are currently held. Such delays in processing users’ minting requests could negatively impact our ability to attract market entrants and may cause demand to shift toward our competitors. Moreover, the governance of many decentralized blockchain networks is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular blockchain network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or otherwise stymie such network’s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow. 67 Any negative publicity regarding stablecoins or the broader digital asset industry may have an outsized negative effect on consumer confidence. As is the case with other novel technology, compared to more established and well-known industries, any negative publicity regarding blockchain technology and digital assets companies could have an outsized negative effect on confidence in blockchain technology in general and Circle stablecoins in particular. For example, since the inception of blockchain technology, there have been incidents of smart contract developers acting maliciously and misappropriating funds, and numerous digital asset businesses and platforms have been sued, investigated, or shut down due to fraud, illegal activities, the sale or issuance of unregistered securities, manipulative practices, business failure, and cyberattacks or security breaches. In addition, the energy usage and environmental impact of certain blockchains have attracted considerable attention, which could potentially create a negative consumer sentiment and perception of digital assets and delay a wider acceptance and use of Circle stablecoins, whether or not Circle stablecoins are available on those blockchains. The acceptance of Circle stablecoins could be negatively impacted by the disruptions in secondary marketplaces that facilitate the purchase and sale of Circle stablecoins. The various markets for stablecoins have varying degrees of liquidity. There is no assurance that there will continue to be an active and liquid secondary market for any market participant to buy or sell Circle stablecoins. We provide Circle Mint customers the ability to mint and redeem USDC and EURC directly from us on a one-for-one basis for the U.S. dollar and the euro, respectively, as well as end-users that are not Circle Mint customers the ability to redeem USDC and EURC directly from Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS on a one-for-one basis for the U.S. dollar and the euro, respectively, in its role as the redeemer of last resort. All end-users can purchase, sell, or exchange Circle stablecoins in the secondary markets. However, significant disruptions at secondary marketplaces caused by technical, operational, security, legal, or regulatory issues could cause non-Circle Mint customers to have limited access to markets to obtain Circle stablecoins, cause non-Circle Mint customers to have limited access to markets to exchange their Circle stablecoins for fiat currency or other digital assets, or cause temporary market pricing dislocations, which could have a material adverse effect on the acceptance and use of Circle stablecoins. Negative developments regarding, including a run on, USDT could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. USDT is currently the largest stablecoin as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation, according to CoinMarketCap. As a result, negative developments regarding, or the actual or perceived instability of, USDT could cause a loss of trust in other stablecoins, including Circle stablecoins, adversely affect the stablecoin industry and the digital assets ecosystem as a whole, and result in dramatic market volatility for stablecoins specifically and digital assets generally. A temporary price dislocation in the secondary markets or an outright run on USDT could lead to sustained redemption demand for, a run on, or a similar price dislocation of Circle stablecoins in the secondary markets. Conversely, significant outflows from USDT could also result in significant inflows into USDC, which could outpace our ability to mint sufficient USDC to meet such demand. Although we have never experienced any inability to accommodate customer minting or redemption requests when other stablecoins experienced such price dislocation, it is possible that the volatility of inflows and outflows and the demand for minting or redemptions could be so strong that we may encounter operational difficulties in meeting such demand. The launch of central bank digital currencies (“CBDCs”) may adversely impact our business. The introduction of a government-issued digital currency could eliminate or reduce the need or demand for private-sector issued stablecoins, or significantly limit their utility. National governments around the world could introduce CBDCs, which could in turn limit the size of the market opportunity for USDC, EURC, and other potential future Circle stablecoins. The GENIUS Act will change the payment stablecoin ecosystem and may affect our business in ways that cannot yet be known. On July 18, 2025, President Trump signed into law the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (the “GENIUS Act”). The GENIUS Act creates a new federal regulatory regime for payment stablecoins, including the Circle stablecoins, and issuers of payment stablecoins, including Circle. The GENIUS Act leaves much of its implementation to rulemaking by U.S. regulators. While the GENIUS Act has been signed into law, it will not become effective until the earlier of January 18, 2027 or 120 days after the primary federal payment stablecoin regulators issue any final regulations implementing the GENIUS Act (the “GENIUS Act Effective Date”). 68 Among many other provisions, the GENIUS Act defines “payment stablecoin”, prohibits issuance of payment stablecoins in the United States by anyone other than a permitted payment stablecoin issuer (“PPSI”), outlines a comprehensive regulatory regime for PPSIs as described further below, generally prohibits PPSIs and foreign payment stablecoin issuers from paying interest on the payment stablecoins they issue, excludes payment stablecoins issued by a PPSI from the definition of “security” under the U.S. federal securities laws, limits the reserve assets permissible for payment stablecoins and clarifies the treatment of payment stablecoins issued by non-U.S. issuers. The impact of these legal and regulatory changes to the payment stablecoin ecosystem in general, and Circle and the Circle stablecoins in particular, will depend in large part on how the GENIUS Act is implemented through rulemaking by U.S. regulators. Circle intends to meet the requirements to become a PPSI for its issuance of USDC. As a PPSI, Circle will be subject to a regulatory regime that includes, among other provisions, financial crimes requirements; capital, liquidity and risk management requirements; activities limits; privacy provisions; consumer protection requirements; and provisions related to stablecoin holder priority in insolvency. While we already adhere to and/or have programs addressing many of these requirements consistent with our “regulation-first” philosophy and in order to comply with the requirements of various regulatory regimes to which we are already subject, the specifics of the rules implementing the GENIUS Act may require changes or updates to our compliance programs and impose additional costs on us. In addition, the GENIUS Act and its implementing regulations may limit our flexibility in certain ways, such as limiting the assets that are permitted to be held in a payment stablecoin reserve, which could limit our discretion on the future composition of our stablecoin reserves. The GENIUS Act may also affect the competitive landscape for payment stablecoins. For example, the additional legal and regulatory clarity provided by the GENIUS Act may have the effect of encouraging new entrants that may compete with Circle. Competition from new and existing issuers offering competing products, combined with the rise of yield-bearing digital assets, including TMMFs and so-called “synthetic dollars”, that are attractive to digital asset trading participants, may reduce market demand and circulation of Circle stablecoins. As another example, the provisions of the GENIUS Act relating to foreign-issued stablecoins may lead to certain non-U.S. issuers avoiding the United States market to gain a competitive advantage by issuing from markets with little to no regulatory or tax burden. See “Risk factors—Risks related to our business and industry—” for additional detail on the competitive landscape that we face and potential implications of increasing competition. Any potential changes to the competitive landscape and their effect on Circle are complex and cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. The GENIUS Act amends the U.S. federal securities laws to explicitly exclude from the definition of “security” payment stablecoins issued by PPSIs, which will include USDC. However, until those amendments are effective, we will continue to rely on our conclusion that USDC is not a security under the U.S. federal securities laws. The GENIUS Act amends the U.S. federal securities laws to exclude from the definition of “security” payment stablecoins issued by PPSIs. While the GENIUS Act has been signed into law, these amendments to the U.S. federal securities laws will not occur until the GENIUS Act Effective Date. Until that time for payment stablecoins issued by PPSIs, and indefinitely for payment stablecoins that are not issued by PPSIs, the key statutory provisions relevant to payment stablecoins remain unchanged. As a result, until such date for USDC, and for the foreseeable future for EURC (which will not be issued by a PPSI), we will continue to rely on our conclusion that the Circle stablecoins are not securities under current U.S. federal securities laws. We have continually evaluated Circle stablecoins against the various definitions of “security” under U.S. federal securities laws and federal court decisions interpreting the elements of these definitions, such as the U.S. Supreme Court’s decisions in the Howey and Reves cases and have concluded that Circle stablecoins are not securities under those tests. We believe our conclusion has been further strengthened by a statement on April 4, 2025 by the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance on the status of “Covered Stablecoins” under the U.S. federal securities laws. We acknowledge, however, that a court, state regulators, state attorneys general, or other regulatory authorities could take a different view. If one or more Circle stablecoins were classified as “securities,” or if a Circle stablecoin were offered or sold in securities transactions, we and other market participants engaging with Circle stablecoins would be subject to significant additional regulation, much of which is incompatible with our and their current practices. 69 We intend to offer and support certain digital assets classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws, and thus must comply with applicable securities laws. We intend to offer and support certain digital assets classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws. For example, we issue USYC, a TMMF, following our acquisition of Hashnote. We acknowledge that such yield-bearing digital assets are “securities” under U.S. securities laws. As such, we will only offer USYC and any other such products in reliance upon an exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant to an effective registration statement and will not offer such products in the United States or to U.S. persons in a manner that would constitute a public offering absent registration. To the extent that we issue additional digital assets, we must analyze whether such digital assets could be deemed securities under U.S. federal and other relevant securities laws. If we determine that such digital assets constitute “securities” under U.S. securities laws or may be sold in a securities transaction, we must ensure that the offer and sale of such digital assets are made in compliance with applicable securities laws. We have policies and procedures with respect to the offer and sale of digital asset securities that are designed to ensure compliance with applicable securities laws. However, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will guarantee that our activities with respect to digital asset securities are conducted in compliance with applicable securities laws. If we violate the securities laws with respect to such digital asset securities, the amount of fines, penalties, and other damages that we could incur as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We hold a substantial amount of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund and thus are subject to risks associated with the issuer, the manager, and the custodian of the Circle Reserve Fund. As of September 30, 2025, Circle held approximately 87% of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund, a government money market fund pursuant to Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act managed by BlackRock, one of the world’s largest asset managers, and available only to Circle. The assets within the Circle Reserve Fund are held in the custody of BNY, one of the largest asset custodians in the world. See “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—Liquidity and capital resources—Composition of USDC reserves” for additional information regarding the Circle Reserve Fund. The Circle Reserve Fund’s investments and business operations are managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC, as investment manager, subject to oversight of BlackRock Funds’ board of trustees. If the terms of the Circle Reserve Fund are modified in a way that no longer suits our objectives, or if BlackRock manages the Circle Reserve Fund in a manner inconsistent with our reserve management standard, we may redeem our shares of the Circle Reserve Fund and replace the services provided by BlackRock with other investment managers, which might lead to additional transaction costs; we do not have other recourse (other than under the securities laws if BlackRock manages the Circle Reserve Fund in a manner inconsistent with the fund’s Form 10-Q). If the Circle Reserve Fund is no longer available to us, we must identify other methods to manage a substantial amount of USDC reserves, such as by identifying additional appropriate government money market funds and establishing additional relationships with financial institutions and similar firms, which we may not be able to do in a timely manner. In addition, we believe that USDC holders’ trust in USDC and USDC reserves is, in part, based on their perceptions of the issuer, asset manager, and the custodian of the Circle Reserve Fund. As a result, if either BlackRock or BNY suffers significant negative publicity or damage to its reputation or if we choose to partner with other asset managers or custodians that are not viewed as having equivalent expertise or reputation, trust in USDC could be negatively affected, which could result in an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Future developments regarding the treatment of Circle stablecoins and other stablecoins for U.S. federal income, state, and foreign tax purposes could adversely impact our business. Due to the new and evolving nature of stablecoins and other digital assets, there is an absence of law and judicial precedent on their treatment for U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax purposes. We do not know with any certainty when or if additional guidance will be provided. Changes to the tax law could lead to adverse tax consequences in the future. In 2014, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) released a notice (the “IRS Notice”) discussing certain aspects of “convertible virtual currency” (that is, a digital asset that has an equivalent value in fiat currency or that acts as a substitute for fiat currency) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The IRS stated that a digital asset (i) is “property,” (ii) is not “currency” for purposes of the rules relating to foreign currency gain or loss, and (iii) may be held as a capital asset. In 2019, the IRS released a revenue ruling and a set of “Frequently Asked Questions” (the “Ruling & FAQs”) that provide some additional guidance, including guidance to the effect that, under certain circumstances, hard forks of digital assets are taxable events giving rise to ordinary income and guidance with respect to the determination of the tax basis of digital assets. However, the IRS Notice and the Ruling & FAQs do not address other significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of stablecoins. Furthermore, the IRS Notice states that no inference should be drawn with respect to virtual currencies not described therein. 70 The types of virtual currencies addressed in the IRS Notice and their features are significantly different from Circle stablecoins and stablecoins in general. Whereas the value of the types of virtual currencies addressed in the Notice reflect a variety of factors, such as perceived utility, they are not subject to a requirement by the issuer to redeem them on a one-for-one basis for fiat currency. Although we believe our treatment of digital asset transactions is consistent with existing guidance provided by the IRS, because of the rapidly evolving nature of digital asset innovations and the increasing variety and complexity of digital asset products, it is possible the IRS may disagree with our treatment, which could adversely affect our customers and end-users and the vitality of our business. Similar uncertainties exist in the foreign markets in which we operate, affecting our non-U.S. customer and end-user base. These uncertainties and potential adverse interpretations of tax law could affect our non-U.S. customers and non-U.S. end-users and the vitality of our products and services outside of the United States. There can be no assurance that the IRS or other foreign tax authority will not alter or clarify its position with respect to digital assets generally and stablecoins specifically in the future. It is also unclear what additional guidance may be issued in the future on the treatment of existing stablecoin and digital asset transactions and future innovations for purposes of U.S. federal income tax or other foreign tax regulations. Any such alteration of existing IRS or foreign tax authority positions or additional guidance regarding digital asset products and transactions could result in adverse tax consequences for both holders and issuers of digital assets and the value of digital assets more generally. Future technological and operational developments that may arise with respect to digital assets may increase the uncertainty with respect to the treatment of digital assets for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes. The uncertainty regarding tax treatment of stablecoins and other digital assets transactions impacts our customers and end-users, and could negatively impact our business, both domestically and abroad. Developing new products and services may require substantial expenditures and such products and services may not gain market adoption, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our industry has been characterized by many rapid, significant, and disruptive products and services in recent years. We face intense and increasing competition from both established enterprises and early-stage companies. Our ability to grow our end-user base, capture new revenue streams, and monetize opportunities depends heavily on our ability to innovate and create successful new products and services, both independently and in collaboration with third-party partners. Developing new products and services may require substantial expenditures, divert management’s attention, consume considerable time and resources, and ultimately may not be successful. For example, we recently announced the Arc Layer-1 blockchain project, which requires considerable time and resources, and we may not see the return on investment in the timeframe anticipated or at all. New product or service offerings could fail to attract customers and generate revenue. In addition, if new product or service offerings do not integrate effectively with our existing offerings, we may be unable to realize expected synergies or deliver enhanced utility for the Circle stablecoin ecosystem. If we fail to introduce new and improved products and services, or if such offerings are not favorably received or adopted by the market, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. Any significant disruption in our or our third-party service providers’ or partners’ technology could result in a loss of customers or funds and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends on our ability to operate our service at high levels of reliability, scalability, and performance, including the ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions that occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. The proper functioning of our products and services, the ability of our customers to make and receive payments, and our ability to operate at a high level are dependent on our ability to access the blockchain networks underlying Circle stablecoins and other supported digital assets, for which access is dependent on our systems’ ability to access the internet. Further, the successful and continued operations of such blockchain networks will depend on a network of computers, miners, or validators, and their continued operations, all of which may be impacted by service interruptions. Our systems, the systems of our third-party service providers and partners, and certain digital asset and blockchain networks, have experienced from time to time and may experience in the future service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks or security breaches, insider threats, break-ins, sabotage, human error, vandalism, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, and other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. In addition, extraordinary site usage could cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Some of our systems, including systems of companies we have acquired or the systems of our third-party service providers and partners, are not fully redundant, and our or their disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all possible outcomes or events. 71 If any of our systems, or those of our critical third-party service providers, are disrupted for any reason, our products and services may fail, resulting in unanticipated disruptions, slower response times, and delays in our services, including customers’ payments through their digital wallets (each, a “Circle Mint account”). This could lead to failed or unauthorized payments, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, loss of customer information, increased demand on limited customer support resources, customer claims, complaints with regulatory organizations, lawsuits, or enforcement actions. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential customers or partners to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce the use of our products and services. Any such developments could permanently harm our reputation and brands and could lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices. They ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses or banking relationships that we need to operate or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to our customers or their business partners or end-users, these customers or partners could seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses. Such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. In addition, we are continually improving and upgrading our information systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies is complex, expensive, time-consuming, and may not be successful. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new information systems and technologies or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do not operate as intended, it could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our customers’ funds and digital assets may fail to be adequately safeguarded by us or the third-party service providers upon whom we rely. Customer assets are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. We have also entered into service arrangements with third parties where we or third-party service providers receive and hold funds for the benefit of our customers. Some of the digital assets held in connection with our discontinued legacy products are maintained in accounts on third parties’ exchanges. Our and our third-party service providers’ abilities to manage and accurately safeguard these funds and digital assets require a high level of internal controls. As our business continues to grow and we expand our product and service offerings, we must continue to strengthen our associated internal controls and ensure that our third-party service providers do the same. Our success and the success of our product offerings require significant public confidence in our and our third-party service providers’ ability to properly manage digital asset balances and handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. In addition, we are dependent on our third-party service providers’ operations, liquidity, and financial condition for the proper maintenance, use, and safekeeping of these customer assets. Any failure by us or our third-party service providers to maintain the necessary controls or to manage customer digital assets and funds appropriately and in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements could result in reputational harm and significant financial losses, lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our and our third-party service providers’ products, and result in significant penalties and fines and additional restrictions, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 72 We deposit, transfer, and hold in custody customer funds and digital assets in multiple jurisdictions. In each instance, we are required to safeguard customers’ assets using security controls that meet our regulatory obligations and also address the specific risks applicable to our hot and cold wallet storage systems as well as our financial management systems related to such custodial functions. We appropriately ledger, properly segregate, and maintain separate accounts for our corporate-held stablecoins and the reserve assets in respect of our customers’ stablecoins. Our security technology is designed to prevent, detect, and mitigate inappropriate access to our systems, by internal or external threats. We believe we have developed and maintained administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards. However, it is nevertheless possible that hackers, employees, or service providers acting contrary to our policies could circumvent these safeguards to improperly access our systems or documents, or the systems or documents of our third-party service providers or agents, and improperly access, obtain, or misuse customer digital assets and funds. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and they may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have obtained insurance coverage for such impropriety in amounts that we believe are appropriate for our business under our primary financial institution bond insurance (which, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, covers, among other things, theft by employees, unexplainable disappearance of electronic data processing media on our premises, and computer fraud and funds transfer fraud) and under our vault risk insurance (which, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, covers, among other things, dishonest and/or fraudulent acts and omissions of certain employees in finance, engineering, and custody operations roles with respect of private keys and/or authentication credentials). However, our insurance may not cover the extent of loss nor the nature of such loss, in which case we may be liable for the full amount of losses suffered, which could be greater than all of our assets. Our ability to maintain insurance is also subject to the insurance carriers’ ongoing underwriting criteria. Our insurance policies described above generally have one-year terms without automatic renewals. As a result, we must renew such policies annually or enter into new policies, which we may not be able to do on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, particularly as the digital assets insurance market is limited. In addition, any insurance that we maintain may be insufficient to protect us or our customers against all possible losses or source of losses, and such uninsured losses may exceed our remaining assets, which could cause a substantial business disruption, adverse reputational impact, inability to compete with our competitors, and regulatory investigations, inquiries, or actions. Additionally, transactions undertaken through our websites or on our Arc network or other electronic channels may create risks of fraud, hacking, unauthorized access or acquisition, and other deceptive practices. Any security incident resulting in a compromise of customer assets could result in substantial costs to us and require us to notify impact... [truncated]