# Item 2

> Source: crcl-20250930.htm
> Report Date: 2025-09-30
> Filing Type: 10-Q

---

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, particularly in the “Risk Factors” section. Overview Founded in 2013, Circle’s mission is to raise global economic prosperity through the frictionless exchange of value. We intend to connect the world more deeply by building a new global economic system on the foundation of the internet, and to facilitate the creation of a world where everyone, everywhere can share value as easily as we can today share information, content, and communications. Since inception, we have relentlessly pursued our mission and vision, building fundamental technology for the internet financial system. We have forged paths toward mainstream acceptance through persistent and active engagement with policymakers and regulators globally, and have seen institutional and consumer knowledge and acceptance of internet-native financial assets approach critical mass. Large and influential players in the incumbent financial services system are increasingly embracing digital assets broadly and stablecoins specifically. Circle’s innovative products reach tens of millions of end-users, power thousands of businesses, and, as of September 30, 2025, USDC has been used for over $41.4 trillion in onchain transactions. While we have made strong progress in our pursuit of our mission and vision over the past decade, we believe the internet financial system is in its infancy with decades of growth and innovation ahead. Our Business Model We believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on the development of the internet financial system and the reimagining of how money works in the world. The future of money is open, transparent, and digital, and we are at the center of this transformation. Our business model is driven by the growth of the Circle stablecoin network, which comprises our stablecoin infrastructure, our banking and reserve management infrastructure, our blockchain infrastructure, and our Developer Services application platform, as well as all the end-users who are active on our platform and benefit from our underlying technology. We continually invest in growing the Circle stablecoin network: • We promote distribution and adoption of Circle stablecoins through partnerships with large, leading financial and technology-focused institutions with large consumer customer bases. • We expand our reach by broadening the accessibility of our network, such as by building global on- and off-ramps from fiat banking providers that permit Circle Mint customers to move their funds between fiat and Circle stablecoins, enabling efficient utilization of Circle stablecoins globally. • We support the building of new applications on our platform by providing end-to-end tools and operational infrastructure that make it easier for developers to abstract away the technology intricacies of building apps on blockchain networks. These tools, such as CCTP and Circle Gas Station, lower the barriers to entry for developers and end-users, and support innovation on our network. Importantly, many of these tools are open source and permit developers to build on our network regardless of whether they have an existing Circle relationship, which helps fuel the growth of the Circle stablecoin network. • We stimulate increased activity on the Circle stablecoin network by encouraging the growth of the broader Web3 ecosystem and by introducing new products and services, which enable end-users to leverage the benefits inherent in the internet financial system: transparency, increased velocity, and reduced cost, all with the programmability of money. In addition to products that we introduce ourselves, third-party-developed applications add to activity on our platform. • We seek to expand our footprint to new markets, encouraging global adoption of our technology and products. We do so with a regulatory-first posture, obtaining appropriate licenses as needed. The way that we monetize our network has shifted over time, and continues to evolve. Our key product offerings are as follows: 38 Circle Stablecoins Core to our network are USDC and EURC, our regulated U.S. dollar- and euro-denominated stablecoins. We launched USDC in 2018, which is the world’s largest regulated payment stablecoin as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation. USDC makes the dollar digitally available via the internet, taking advantage of the internet’s capabilities, transparency, speed, and efficiency. In June 2022, we launched EURC utilizing the same underlying infrastructure. In July 2024, Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS achieved compliance with Markets in Crypto-Assets Regulation (MiCAR), a comprehensive European Union law that establishes a harmonized framework for crypto assets and related services across its member states. Stablecoins act as the bridge between the fiat and digital assets ecosystems. We believe the ability of Circle Mint customers to quickly and confidently move from fiat to Circle stablecoins is essential to the growth of the Circle stablecoin network. The volume of USDC minted and redeemed demonstrates the scale and resiliency of the banking infrastructure supporting our on- and off-ramps between the digital asset and fiat ecosystems. Below is a summary of USDC minted and redeemed for each of the periods presented. EURC minting and redemption was immaterial for the periods presented. For our calculation of USDC in circulation, see “—Key operating and financial indicators—USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation”, Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 USDC in circulation, beginning of period $ 61,333 $ 32,241 $ 43,857 $ 24,412 USDC minted 79,680 34,963 175,076 101,949 USDC redeemed (67,264) (31,735) (145,184) (90,892) Net increase in USDC in circulation 12,416 3,228 29,892 11,057 USDC in circulation, end of period $ 73,749 $ 35,469 $ 73,749 $ 35,469 All Circle stablecoins minted and outstanding are backed by at least an equivalent amount of fiat currency-denominated reserve assets that are held in accounts that are titled FBO holders of Circle stablecoins with leading financial institutions. Laws, regulations, and our operating policies are designed to ensure the capital preservation and liquidity of these reserve assets. USDC reserves are limited to cash balances held at banks and the Circle Reserve Fund. See “—Liquidity and capital resources—Composition of USDC reserves” for additional information regarding the Circle Reserve Fund. Circle earns reserve income on the reserve assets backing USDC in circulation, historically at interest rates close to the prevailing SOFR during the applicable periods. We term the rate of return generated on assets held in reserve as the “reserve return rate”. See “—Key operating and financial indicators” for the calculation of reserve return rate. The reserve income that we generate is a function of USDC in circulation over a given period and the reserve return rate. Reserve income was 96.1% and 96.3% of Circle’s total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, respectively. Reserve income was 99.9% and 99.0% of Circle’s total revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Reserve Return Rate (in percentages) Reserve Return Rate Quarterly Avg. SOFR Quarterly Avg. 3Mo T-Bill 1Q24 5.13 5.31 5.23 2Q24 5.17 5.32 5.25 3Q24 5.11 5.28 5.00 4Q24 4.49 4.68 4.40 1Q25 4.16 4.33 4.21 2Q25 4.14 4.32 4.23 3Q25 4.15 4.33 4.10 39 Other products In addition to Circle stablecoins, we continue to expand product offerings that benefit from and support the growth of the Circle stablecoin network. Our other products contributed between 0.1% and 3.9% of Circle’s total revenue in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We believe these and other new product offerings will contribute to the growth of the Circle stablecoin network, and over time drive a flywheel of growth that has been the hallmark of successful internet-driven networks. We also expect growth in our network to drive increases in USDC in circulation and thereby drive our reserve income. We anticipate growing these offerings in the coming years, diversifying our revenue profile. These offerings include: Arc Arc is an open Layer-1 blockchain purpose-built to unite programmable money and onchain innovation with real-world economic activity. Arc is designed for compatibility to multiple forms of digital money and tokenized value and will provide stablecoin issuers and builders with a robust environment to launch, collaborate, and scale. Circle Payments Network Circle Payments Network (CPN) is an innovative platform for financial institutions to use stablecoins for payments. CPN connects financial institutions to enable faster, lower-cost, and more transparent, real-time cross-border payments using USDC, EURC, and other regulated payment stablecoins. Developer Services Our Developer Services products include an array of developer-ready and enterprise-grade infrastructure services that developers can plug into their own applications. These solutions can be delivered via API to companies seeking to introduce developer capabilities to their customer bases. Examples of products we have recently launched include Circle Wallets, Circle Contracts, Circle Paymaster, and CCTP. We have developed and continue to develop additional features for our Circle Wallets, including our gas fee infrastructure, a collection of blockchain network infrastructure and open-source smart contracts that streamlines the end-user experience by supporting the payment of transaction fees on supported blockchains in USDC, thus removing the need to pay fees in each blockchain’s native token. CCTP is a permissionless protocol that enables USDC to flow natively across supported blockchains and provides interoperability to blockchains that have historically been siloed due to incompatible protocols and supported tokens. CCTP empowers developers to offer greater utility in their applications by seamlessly operating across different blockchain networks. Integration Services We earn integration services and maintenance revenue by connecting and integrating Circle products such as USDC across blockchain networks. In exchange for a fee, we assist third-party public blockchains with the implementation of Circle stablecoins, the integration of Circle Mint and maintenance related to the Circle stablecoin network on their blockchains. Tokenized Funds As a result of our acquisition of Hashnote in January 2025, we issue USYC—a leading TMMF. We believe that by integrating USYC with our existing infrastructure, we can enhance its interoperability across multiple public blockchains and enable near-instantaneous conversion with Circle stablecoins, allowing traders to hold their assets or pledge collateral in TMMFs while accruing yield and then be able to near-instantaneously convert into stablecoins, which can be used to purchase other digital assets. We believe that these tools greatly improve the quality of applications on our network, providing value both to the network effect that drives our growth by attracting end-users as well as to the developers that avail themselves of these offerings. We believe we can further monetize these services in the future as we continue to develop and scale them. Liquidity Services To facilitate the needs of Circle Mint and our other customers we offer services to provide liquidity on a near instant basis. We earn fees associated with the redemptions of Circle stablecoins in excess of preestablished limits. Additionally, we earn fees associated with the redemption of USYC with Circle stablecoins, providing a unique redemption option for customers that require instant liquidity. 40 We believe that these products, services, and tools greatly improve the quality of applications on our network, providing value both to the network effect that drives our growth by attracting end-users as well as to the developers that avail themselves of these offerings. We believe we can further monetize these services in the future as we continue to develop and scale them. Discontinued products As we continue to focus on our core strategy of growing the Circle stablecoin network, we have discontinued certain products that we deemed as non-core to our business. Together, these products contributed less than 1% of total revenue in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, and we do not anticipate them to impact our future financial or operating performance. Transaction Services Transaction Services related to the processing of USDC-native payments, payouts to sellers, vendors, or end-users, ledger management, and safekeeping services. In this capacity, we operated as a payment facilitator, processing credit and debit card transactions primarily for Web3 merchants. We completed the depreciation of these services in 2024. Key Factors Affecting Operating Results The growth and success of our business as well as our financial condition and operating results have been, and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including: Growth of the internet financial system The internet financial system is built on blockchain infrastructure, and represents a fundamental shift that we believe will result in a profound change to the existing financial system by materially improving efficiency, reducing costs, expanding accessibility, and accelerating innovation. While the internet financial system has grown rapidly, it remains in its infancy and is very small relative to the legacy financial system. We believe we are well positioned to be among the winners in this emerging, transformative space, and we expect increased adoption and expansion of the internet financial system to be a key driver of growth in all our products and services, and hence of our overall financial performance. Adoption of stablecoins as the core means of value exchange within the internet financial system We believe stablecoins are the core facilitator of value exchange in the internet financial system. As of September 30, 2025, there were approximately $253.9 billion of U.S. dollar fiat-backed stablecoins with circulation above $100 million, according to CoinMarketCap, representing a 59% growth from September 30, 2024. We believe that we are poised to lead the way in driving the growth of stablecoins, with our trusted brand, regulation-first posture, robust scalable infrastructure, institutional-grade safety and soundness, and $73.7 billion of USDC in circulation across 6.3 million MeWs as of September 30, 2025. We stand to benefit as the adoption of stablecoins and the internet financial system increase, due not only to the growth in circulation of Circle stablecoins but also due to the Circle stablecoin network that we have developed. The following chart provides an overview of MeWs at quarter end for the periods presented. MeWs (in thousands) MeWs 3Q24 3,578 4Q24 4,264 1Q25 4,883 2Q25 5,660 3Q25 6,336 41 Expanding global awareness and distribution of USDC as a leading stablecoin network Access to the internet financial system transcends boundaries and borders. The growing international interest in both internet-based financial services broadly—and the Circle stablecoin network specifically—is a driver of our business. Our efforts to expand awareness and distribution of USDC follow a multi-pronged approach. We intend to continue expanding our global reach by obtaining regulatory licenses and registrations in additional jurisdictions, collaborating with strategic partners, and expanding our blockchain interoperability. We also intend to continue to invest in expanding awareness and distribution of Circle stablecoins in international markets, including through initiatives such as sponsored webinars, content sponsorship, event sponsorship, and traditional advertising (e.g., search engine marketing/retargeting), to further enhance our growth. Beyond our dedicated awareness initiatives, we continue to strive to make the Circle stablecoin network the most widely available and easy to use globally by integrating into many major blockchain protocols, which we believe will enhance both demand and distribution of Circle stablecoins. We expect increased awareness and interest in Circle stablecoins, including both increasing penetration among our existing markets and expansion into new markets, to positively impact our performance. Strategic partnerships fostering the Circle stablecoin network Another core facet of our strategy is to complement our products and services with enterprise-level strategic commercial partnerships, with the goal of driving growth in the distribution and adoption of Circle stablecoins. Through these partnerships, we enable companies to offer internet-native financial services to their own customers, to the benefit of our overall network. In addition to our international partnerships with major consumer and technology brands, we partnered with Visa to enable the use of USDC within its payments network, and with MoneyGram to support the use of USDC for global remittances on the Stellar blockchain, among others. These partnerships are still in early stages, but we expect that they will contribute meaningfully to our operating and financial performance over time. We have also partnered with Coinbase to provide seamless access within its platform to convert between fiat currency and USDC and with Binance to make USDC more extensively available across its full suite of products and services and adopt USDC as a dollar stablecoin for its corporate treasury. We plan to continue to enter into strategic partnerships like these to expand our product offerings and amplify the network effect inherent in our business. In addition, we may enter into such arrangements where we incentivize the use of USDC and participate in the ecosystem. We believe each of these partnerships helps to foster broader access to Circle stablecoins and the internet financial system. These partnerships enable awareness and access of the Circle stablecoin network by new end-users who may otherwise not directly be reached, while benefiting existing end-users by expanding the opportunities for internet-based commerce. We expect these partnerships will drive greater circulation, adoption, and use of Circle stablecoins over time. Growth in new products and services We believe we have a sizable opportunity to grow our business through the introduction of new products and services. Our blockchain infrastructure and Developer Services provide platforms upon which third-party software developers can build and create their own products and financial applications. For example, we launched our CCTP V1 offering in early 2023 and have already seen significant growth. In early 2025, we launched CCTP V2, a fast version of CCTP that accrues revenue when a customer elects the fast transfer feature. As of September 30, 2025, CCTP V1 and CCTP V2 enabled 380 routes and handled approximately $88.8 billion in transfers. In the third quarter of 2025, CCTP represented nearly 50% of all bridged volume of all assets across major bridge providers. In April 2025, we announced the Circle Payments Network (CPN) to connect financial institutions – banks, neo-banks, payment service providers, virtual asset service providers and digital wallets – and enable real-time settlement of cross-border payments using regulated stablecoins. In August 2025, we introduced Arc, a new open Layer-1 blockchain engineered for enterprise adoption. We continue to develop our blockchain infrastructure and Developer Services products, facilitating the development of new third-party products for the internet financial system, which we expect will in turn increase demand for Circle stablecoins and serve as a critical driver to the growth of our network. We anticipate that the products developed on our platform will drive new sources of revenue, including network service fees and additional Developer Services fees. 42 Interest rate fluctuations We derive the majority of our revenue from reserve income. Fluctuations in interest rates impact reserve return rates, such that a decrease in interest rates reduces reserve return rates and an increase in interest rates increases reserve return rates. Reserve return rate is a contributing factor to reserve income. As such, fluctuations in interest rates may result in changes in reserve income. However, interest rates are only one contributor to reserve income, and the other primary contributor—USDC in circulation—is inherently difficult to predict given the uncertainties in end-user and customer behavior. For example, although interest rates are positively correlated with the opportunity cost of holding USDC versus other financial instruments, given the utility of USDC as a means for the exchange of value, an increase in interest rates does not necessarily result in a decrease in USDC in circulation (and vice versa). Any relationship between interest rates and USDC in circulation is complex, highly uncertain, and unproven. As a result, while we are able to predict the impact of interest rate changes on the reserve return rate, given uncertainties in end-user and customer behavior and interests and market dynamics, we are unable to accurately predict the impact of such changes on reserve income. Distribution costs Our distribution costs have a meaningful impact on our financial performance. Prior to August 2023, distribution costs were primarily a function of (i) the amount of USDC distributed by Circle and Coinbase and (ii) the amount of USDC held on each respective party’s platform. Specifically, we shared any revenue generated from USDC reserves pro rata based on the amount of USDC distributed by each respective party and the amount of USDC held on each respective party’s platform in relation to the total amount of USDC in circulation. In August 2023, we and Coinbase entered into a Collaboration Agreement, under which we make payments to Coinbase for its role in the distribution of USDC and growth in the USDC ecosystem. These payments are determined based on the daily income generated from the reserves backing USDC, less the management fees charged by non-affiliated third parties for managing such reserves (such as asset management and custody fees) and certain other expenses, which is referred to as the “payment base.” From this payment base, (i) we retain a portion ranging from an annualized low-double-digit basis point to high tenth of a basis point based on the amount of USDC in circulation on such day, in consideration of our role as stablecoin issuer and which is designed to partially reimburse us for indirect costs of issuing stablecoins and the management of the associated reserves, such as maintaining our accounting, treasury, regulatory, and compliance functions (the “issuer retention”), (ii) we and Coinbase each receive an amount equal to the remaining payment base multiplied by the percentage of such stablecoin that is held in the applicable party’s custodial products or managed wallet services at the end of such day, and (iii) after deducting amounts payable to other approved participants in the USDC ecosystem, Coinbase receives 50% of the remaining payment base. As a result, the greater the proportion of USDC in circulation held on Coinbase’s platform, the greater the proportion of reserve income payable to Coinbase. Conversely, the greater the proportion of USDC in circulation held on our platform or held outside of Circle and Coinbase platforms, the smaller the proportion of reserve income payable to Coinbase. As a result, distribution costs are impacted by the actions and policies of Coinbase and their effects on the amount of USDC in circulation held on Coinbase’s platform, which we do not control or oversee. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the percentage of USDC in circulation held on Circle’s platform was approximately 14% and 2%, respectively; based on information provided to us by Coinbase, the percentage of USDC in circulation held on Coinbase’s platform was approximately 24% and 23%, respectively; and the percentage of USDC in circulation held outside Circle’s and Coinbase’s platforms was approximately 62% and 75%, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, the daily weighted-average percentage of USDC in circulation held on Circle’s platform was approximately 9% and 2%, respectively; based on information provided to us by Coinbase, the daily weighted-average percentage of USDC in circulation held on Coinbase’s platform was approximately 22% and 17%, respectively; and the daily weighted-average percentage of USDC in circulation held outside Circle’s and Coinbase’s platforms was approximately 69% and 81%, respectively. In addition, we and Coinbase may agree to pay a portion of the residual payment base to approved participants to incentivize the circulation of stablecoins, which may impact our distribution costs. We have added and expect to continue to add additional distributors in the future and anticipate that such distribution contracts may have different commercial terms depending on negotiations with our distributors and the circumstances in our evolving industry. Government regulation At Circle, we have always had a “regulation-first” philosophy that underlies our operations and has led to significant investments in building a robust compliance infrastructure. However, the laws and regulations to which we are subject are rapidly evolving and increasing in scope. As a result, we monitor regulatory changes closely and we expect to continue to invest significant resources in our legal, compliance, product, and engineering teams to ensure our business practices comply with, and plan and prepare for, current and future regulations. 43 Certain major economies across the globe (such as the United States, European Union, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore) have passed national laws regulating stablecoins. Other leading economies (such as the United Arab Emirates) are actively considering comprehensive rules to integrate stablecoins into their financial system. Notably, the United States has recently enacted the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 Act (the “ GENIUS ” Act), marking a significant milestone in the establishment of a clear regulatory framework for stablecoins. This legislation is expected to provide increased certainty for market participants and accelerate institutional adoption. We believe increased global regulatory clarity will result in increased conviction in stablecoins by consumers and enterprises alike, which will drive adoption in using stablecoins as digital currencies. We believe these trends will naturally increase the growth of the Circle stablecoin network as the leading regulatorily compliant player in the space. Significant Transactions Initial Public Offering In June 2025, the Company completed its IPO, in which the Company issued and sold 19.9 million shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of $31.00 per share, which resulted in net proceeds to the Company of $583.0 million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting offering costs of $12.8 million. In connection with the IPO, all shares of our outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into a total of 139.8 million shares of Class A common stock, and a total of 19.6 million shares of Class A common stock held by our co-founders and certain entities controlled by our co-founders were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. Certain of our restricted stock units granted to employees included both a service condition and a liquidity-event related performance condition. The performance condition related to these awards was met upon the commencement of trading of our Class A common stock on the NYSE, and the Company recognized $423.8 million of stock-based compensation expense, net of $62.7 million of capitalized costs related to internally developed software, for the vesting of approximately 9.5 million shares of Class A common stock, 4.0 million of which were withheld for tax withholding requirements. Follow-on Public Offering In August 2025, the Company completed a follow-on public offering of its Class A common stock, in which the Company issued and sold 3.5 million shares of its Class A common stock, including the underwriters’ over-allotment option which was exercised in full, at a public offering price of $130.00 per share. This resulted in net proceeds to the Company of $444.8 million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and before deducting offering costs of $1.8 million, which were charged to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of the net proceeds received from the follow-on public offering. Hashnote Acquisition In January 2025, we acquired 100% of the ownership interest in Hashnote, which, through its affiliates, is the fund manager of SDYF, a TMMF and the issuer of USYC. The fair value of consideration transferred for the Hashnote Acquisition was approximately $100.1 million, subject to customary adjustments, consisting of $10.2 million in cash and approximately 2.9 million shares of our Class A common stock. Key Operating and Financial Indicators We regularly review several key operating and non-GAAP financial indicators to evaluate our performance and trends and inform management’s budgets, financial projections, and strategic decisions. The following table presents our key operating and financial indicators, as well as the relevant GAAP measures, for the periods indicated: CCTP 44 (in millions, except reserve return rate, daily weighted-average percentage of USDC on platform and stablecoin market share) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Key operating data: USDC in circulation, end of period $ 73,749 $ 35,469 $ 73,749 $ 35,469 Average USDC in circulation $ 67,842 $ 34,475 $ 61,069 $ 31,757 Reserve return rate 4.2 % 5.1 % 4.2 % 5.1 % USDC on platform, end of period $ 10,234 $ 743 $ 10,234 $ 743 Daily weighted-average percentage of USDC on platform 13.5 % 1.8 % 8.9 % 2.1 % USDC minted $ 79,680 $ 34,963 $ 175,076 $ 101,949 USDC redeemed $ 67,264 $ 31,735 $ 145,184 $ 90,892 Stablecoin market share, end of period 29 % 23 % 29 % 23 % Meaningful Wallets, end of period 6.34 3.58 6.34 3.58 GAAP financial data: Total revenue and reserve income $ 740 $ 446 $ 1,976 $ 1,241 Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ 214 $ 71 $ (203) $ 153 Non-GAAP financial data: Adjusted EBITDA (1) $ 166 $ 93 $ 415 $ 252 (1) See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) from continuing operations. USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation USDC in circulation is the total amount of USDC minted and outstanding as of the end of the reporting period. Average USDC in circulation is calculated as the simple daily average of USDC in circulation, with the daily USDC in circulation determined at the end of each day. In each case, we exclude: • “tokens allowed but not issued,” which are tokens that exist on the Algorand, Hedera, Polkadot, and Solana blockchains due to the technical implementation of USDC on those blockchains. These tokens are held by us in restricted, segregated “tokens allowed but not issued” blockchain addresses. We do not receive any funds for their creation, and they are not redeemable for the U.S. dollar. These tokens are restricted for use while held in such blockchain addresses. These tokens cannot be redeemed for the U.S. dollar as the private keys are securely controlled by us and the blockchain addresses are not configured to allow redemption requests to be established by Circle Mint. When a minting request is received for USDC on these blockchains and the funds underlying such request is received, the corresponding amount of “tokens allowed but not issued” is transferred from the segregated “tokens allowed but not issued” addresses to the minting address via a system controlled process administered by us, at which point the tokens are considered to be USDC in circulation. • “access denied tokens,” which are tokens that are restricted from being accessed by the holder to comply with a law, regulation, or legal order from a duly recognized and authorized court of competent jurisdiction, or governmental or other authority with jurisdiction over the Company. When these tokens were originally issued (i.e., before they were restricted from being accessed), we received the equivalent amount of fiat currency in connection with their original minting. Upon determination that a token should be an “access denied token,” we restrict the access of the holder to such token and transfer the reserves relating to such token to a segregated bank account specifically for “access denied tokens.” The assets in such segregated bank account constitute a component of USDC reserves, and we do not extinguish the associated liability until the segregated reserve funds are transferred to the relevant law enforcement agency or government body or until the access denial request is reversed and a subsequent redemption request is made by the stablecoin holder . As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, there were $114.3 million and $86.6 million of “access denied tokens,” respectively. • “pending burns”, which are USDC balances held within Circle smart contracts that are pending finalization on the blockchain. We exclude these tokens because these tokens are not used for transactions or subject to smart contract restrictions and thus do not reflect the Circle stablecoin ecosystem’s breadth, which as noted below, is the principal purpose for which we present USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation. 45 USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation include corporate-held USDC (i.e., USDC held by us), as we routinely use USDC to pay for distribution, transaction, and other costs as well as operating expenses and thus corporate-held USDC contributes to the Circle stablecoin ecosystem’s breadth, which as noted below, is the principal purpose for which we present USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation. As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there was $837.1 million and $294.5 million of corporate-held USDC, respectively. USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation are major contributing factors to our reserve income and also provide a measure of the Circle stablecoin ecosystem’s breadth. We expect that the continued growth and development of the internet financial system will further drive increases in USDC in circulation and average USDC in circulation. Reserve return rate Reserve return rate is the rate of return generated on assets held in reserve. Reserve return rate is calculated as our reserve income divided by the average period balance of reserves segregated for the benefit of holders of Circle stablecoins, with average period balance of reserves segregated for the benefit of holders of Circle stablecoins measured as the simple daily average of reserves segregated for the benefit of holders of Circle stablecoins, with daily average of reserves segregated for the benefit of holders of Circle stablecoins determined at the end of each day. Reserve return rate is a major determinant of our reserve income. USDC on platform and daily weighted-average percentage of USDC on platform USDC on platform is defined as the total amount of USDC on Circle’s platform, which includes USDC held within Circle Mint accounts, corporate-held USDC, and USDC held within non-custodial wallets offered through the Circle platform (including Circle’s managed wallet services such as Circle Wallets and other wallet technologies). USDC on platform provides a measure of the Circle platform’s breadth and is also used to calculate Circle’s share of reserve income under the Collaboration Agreement. Daily weighted-average percentage of USDC on platform is defined as the average of the percentage of USDC in circulation that is held on Circle’s platform at the end of each day, weighted based on the amount of USDC in circulation at the end of each day. Percentage of USDC on platform at the end of each day is used to calculate Circle’s share of reserve income under the Collaboration Agreement. USDC minted / USDC redeemed USDC minted / USDC redeemed measures USDC on-ramp activity (i.e., flow of U.S. dollar fiat converted to USDC) and off-ramp activity (i.e., flow of USDC converted to U.S. dollar fiat) initiated by Circle Mint customers. We believe this demonstrates our operational capacity and resiliency to process minting and redemptions through our digital and banking infrastructure. USDC minted / USDC redeemed do not represent the amount of USDC acquired or redeemed by end-users. Stablecoin market share Stablecoin market share is defined as the amount of USDC in circulation as a percentage of the total U.S. dollar fiat-backed stablecoins with circulation above $100 million (i.e., digital assets pegged to the value of a fiat currency), according to CoinMarketCap. Stablecoin market share reflects how much of the stablecoin market is composed of USDC relative to the competitive landscape. Since 2021, Circle has been the second-largest issuer of U.S. dollar fiat-backed stablecoins as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation, and as of September 30, 2025, Circle holds a 29% stablecoin market share. Meaningful Wallets MeWs are defined as the number of onchain digital asset wallets with an amount of USDC above $10. As a single end-user may have multiple onchain digital asset wallets, MeWs do not represent, and we do not use MeWs as a measure of, the number of unique end-users with more than $10 of USDC. Nonetheless, we believe that MeWs is an indicator of the breadth of USDC’s adoption. 46 Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, is calculated as net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding: depreciation and amortization expenses; interest expense, net of amortization of discounts and premiums; interest income; income tax expense (benefit); stock-based compensation expense; certain legal expenses; realized and unrealized (gains) losses, net, on digital assets held for investment, other related investments and strategic investments; realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale debt securities; impairment losses on strategic investments; restructuring expenses; acquisition-related costs; change in fair value of convertible debt, warrant liability, and embedded derivatives; losses on sale of long-lived assets; and foreign currency exchange (gain) loss. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to monitor and evaluate the growth and performance of our business operations, facilitate internal comparisons of the historical operating performance of our business operations, facilitate external comparisons of the results of our overall business to the historical operating performance of other companies that may have different capital structures or operating histories, review and assess the performance of our management team and other employees, and prepare budgets and evaluate strategic planning decisions regarding future operating investments. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) from continuing operations, the most closely comparable GAAP measure, and additional information about the limitations of our non-GAAP measures. Key Components of Revenue and Expenses Revenue and reserve income Reserve income We mint Circle stablecoins when we receive the corresponding fiat funds from Circle Mint customers, which are placed into accounts that are titled FBO holders of USDC and EURC, respectively. Similarly, upon receipt of a redemption request from a Circle Mint customer with respect to USDC or EURC in such customer’s account, we remove such stablecoins from such customer’s account and transfer the corresponding fiat funds from the segregated reserve accounts to such customer’s bank account. As required by MiCAR, end-users that are not Circle Mint customers may also redeem USDC or EURC directly from us after providing us with compliance information and supporting documentation by sending the tokens to a designated deposit address, at which point we transfer the corresponding fiat funds from the segregated reserve accounts to such end-user’s bank account (see “Glossary—The issuers of Circle stablecoins”). We earn interest and dividends on assets held in reserve accounts, which for the periods presented included cash balances held at banks, short-dated U.S. Treasury securities, and the Circle Reserve Fund, as applicable. Interest income is recognized under the effective interest method, and dividend income is recognized when declared. Reserve income is recorded on a gross basis before the impact of any distribution costs. An increase in the amount of Circle stablecoins in circulation (i.e., the amount of stablecoins minted is greater than the amount of stablecoins redeemed) would increase the amount of assets held in reserve accounts, and thus, assuming a constant reserve return rate, would result in increased reserve income. Conversely, a decrease in the amount of Circle stablecoins in circulation (i.e., the amount of stablecoins redeemed is greater than the amount of stablecoins minted) would decrease the amount of assets held in reserve accounts, and thus, assuming a constant reserve return rate, would result in decreased reserve income. Other revenue Other revenue consists of revenues generated from products and services that increase the utility of Circle stablecoins and related transactional or wallet infrastructure. The components of other revenue primarily include subscription and services revenue, transaction revenue and other revenues. Subscription and services consists of customer agreements where recurring revenue is generated from integration and maintenance services, fund management, time-based access, and user-based licensing. Transaction revenue is generated from usage-based, volume-based, or event-driven transactions. This includes fees associated with the redemption of Circle stablecoins and USYC, blockchain rewards revenue and use of Circle infrastructure in facilitating digital asset transactions. Other is primarily generated from fees associated with certain non-recurring services and discontinued legacy products. 47 Distribution, transaction, and other costs Distribution costs We incur distribution costs to incentivize distributors to use and distribute Circle stablecoins. Prior to August 2023, distribution costs were primarily a function of (i) the amount of USDC distributed by Circle and Coinbase and (ii) the amount of USDC held on each respective party’s platform. Specifically, we shared any revenue generated from USDC reserves pro rata based on the amount of USDC distributed by each respective party and the amount of USDC held on each respective party’s platform in relation to the total amount of USDC in circulation. In August 2023, we and Coinbase entered into a Collaboration Agreement, under which we make payments to Coinbase for its role in the distribution of USDC and growth in the USDC ecosystem. These payments are determined based on the daily income generated from the reserves backing USDC, less the management fees charged by non-affiliated third parties for managing such reserves (such as asset management and custody fees) and certain other expenses, which is referred to as the “payment base.” From this payment base, (i) we retain a portion ranging from an annualized low-double-digit basis point to high tenth of a basis point based on the amount of USDC in circulation on such day, in consideration of our role as stablecoin issuer (the “issuer retention”), (ii) we and Coinbase each receive an amount equal to the remaining payment base multiplied by the percentage of such stablecoin that is held in the applicable party’s custodial products or managed wallet services at the end of such day, and (iii) after deducting amounts payable to other approved participants in the USDC ecosystem, Coinbase receives 50% of the remaining payment base. The issuer retention is designed to partially reimburse us for indirect costs of issuing stablecoins and the management of the associated reserves, such as maintaining our accounting, treasury, regulatory, and compliance functions, which are generally recognized in various operating expenses including compensation expenses and general and administrative expenses in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. These deductions are accounted for as components of the overall arrangement with Coinbase as we are not providing a distinct service to issue stablecoins and manage the associated reserves. The Collaboration Agreement is accounted for as an executory contract and reflected in distribution and transaction costs in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, we incurred $989.1 million and $687.4 million, respectively, of distribution costs in connection with our agreements with Coinbase. We expect our distribution expense to increase in the future, as we add distributors and approved participants. Our distribution expense will also increase to the extent our reserve income increases over time. We also anticipate new distribution arrangements may differ depending on our negotiations with our distributors and the circumstances in our evolving industry. Transaction costs We also incur transaction costs to pay for the blockchain network transaction fees necessary to complete transactions on supported blockchains. For a given blockchain, we purchase the necessary digital assets in advance and, upon initiation of a transaction, we pay blockchain transactions fees using our inventory of digital assets. We expect this expense to increase going forward due to increases in volume and rising fees on certain popular blockchain networks. Other costs Other costs primarily comprise expenses incurred as a result of facilitating and delivering products and services, including the certain fees related to the issuance of USYC and other costs to participate in activities that enhance the utility of Circle stablecoins and our infrastructure. Other than distribution, transaction, and other costs, we do not incur distinct costs to mint and/or redeem stablecoins. Operating expenses Compensation expenses Compensation expenses are primarily driven by employee compensation, including salaries and wages, stock-based compensation, bonuses, post-retirement benefits, commissions, and severance payments. As we expand our business and team, we expect compensation expenses to increase. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses include costs incurred to support our business operations. Specifically, expenses incurred related to insurance policies, dues and subscriptions, professional services, bank fees, rent, and travel and business lodging. We expect general and administrative expenses to grow as we continue to invest to support the overall growth of our business. 48 Depreciation and amortization expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses are incurred primarily from the amortization of internally developed software. We also incur amortization expense from the amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations and asset acquisitions such as the technology platform, customer relationships, brand names, and licenses. We expect that our depreciation and amortization expenses will increase in future periods as we continue to invest in the development of our various digital platforms. IT infrastructure costs IT infrastructure costs include costs incurred in operating and maintaining our platform, including network, website hosting, and infrastructure costs. IT infrastructure costs also include software and technology costs incurred to support our general business operations including cloud hosting costs, cybersecurity, electronic communications archiving software, change management, and compliance technology such as AML and KYC software. Marketing expenses Marketing expenses are incurred to drive additional customers to our platform, capitalize on cross-sell opportunities from our customer base, and build awareness of our products and brand with the objective of growing our customer base. Digital assets (gains) losses Effective January 1, 2024, upon the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets (“ASU 2023-08”), digital assets are measured at fair value. Fair value measurements for digital assets are based on quoted market prices in active markets. Gains and losses upon sale of digital assets are measured as the difference between the cash proceeds and the carrying basis of the digital assets as determined on a first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) basis for each pool of digital assets.... [truncated]