# Item 1

**Source**: 10-Q (2025-09-30)
**Accession**: 0001099590-25-000051
**Compressed**: 50,015 → 19,947 chars (61% reduction)

---

ITEM 1 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 63 ITEM 1A — RISK FACTORS 63 ITEM 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 64 ITEM 5 — OTHER INFORMATION 64 ITEM 6 — EXHIBITS 64 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 65 SIGNATURES 66 Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. - Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except par value) (Unaudited) September 30, 2025 December 31, 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ $ Restricted cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Credit card receivables and other means of payments, net Loans receivable, net of allowances of $ and $ Inventories Other assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Long-term investments Loans receivable, net of allowances of $ and $ Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Intangible assets at fair value Deferred tax assets Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets $ $ Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ $ Funds payable to customers Amounts payable due to credit and debit card transactions Salaries and social security payable Taxes payable Loans payable and other financial liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Amounts payable due to credit and debit card transactions Loans payable and other financial liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities $ $ Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Equity Common stock, $ par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding $ $ Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, and shares ( ) ( ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( ) ( ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 1 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income For the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except for share data) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net service revenues and financial income $ $ $ $ Net product revenues Net revenues and financial income Cost of net revenues and financial expenses ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Product and technology development ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Sales and marketing ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Provision for doubtful accounts ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) General and administrative ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Total operating expenses ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Income from operations Other income (expenses): Interest income and other financial gains Interest expense and other financial losses ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Foreign currency losses, net ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Net income before income tax expense Income tax expense ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Net income $ $ $ $ Nine Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Basic earnings per share Basic net income available to shareholders per common share $ $ $ $ Weighted average of outstanding common shares Diluted earnings per share Diluted net income available to shareholders per common share $ $ $ $ Weighted average of outstanding common shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net income $ $ $ $ Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax: Currency translation adjustment ( ) ( ) Unrealized gains on investments Tax expense on unrealized gains on investments ( ) ( ) ( ) Unrealized (losses) gains on hedging activities ( ) ( ) ( ) Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized (losses) gains on hedging activities ( ) Less: Reclassification adjustment for (losses) gains on hedging activities included in cost of net revenues and financial expenses, Product and technology development expenses, interest expense and other financial losses and foreign currency losses, net ( ) ( ) Less: Reclassification adjustment for estimated tax benefit on unrealized gains (losses) ( ) ( ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax ( ) ( ) Total comprehensive income $ $ $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity For the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars and share data) (Unaudited) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — — Balance as of March 31, 2025 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — — Balance as of June 30, 2025 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Stock-based compensation — restricted shares issued — — — — — Common Stock repurchased — — — ( ) — — ( ) Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — — Balance as of September 30, 2025 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive loss — — — — — ( ) ( ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Common Stock repurchased — — — ( ) — — ( ) Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive loss — — — — — ( ) ( ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ Net income — — — — — Other comprehensive loss — — — — — ( ) ( ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ ( ) $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, In c. - Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operations: Net income $ $ Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Unrealized foreign currency losses, net Depreciation and amortization Accrued interest and financial income ( ) ( ) Non cash interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs and other charges ( ) Provision for doubtful accounts Provision for contingencies Results on derivative instruments ( ) Results on digital assets at fair value ( ) ( ) Long term retention program (“LTRP”) accrued compensation Deferred income taxes ( ) ( ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ( ) ( ) Credit card receivables and other means of payments ( ) ( ) Inventories ( ) ( ) Other assets ( ) ( ) Payables and accrued expenses Funds payable to customers Amounts payable due to credit and debit card transactions Other liabilities Operating lease liabilities ( ) ( ) Interest received from investments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ( ) ( ) Proceeds from sale and maturity of investments Receipts from settlements of derivative instruments Payments from settlements of derivative instruments ( ) ( ) Changes in loans receivable, net ( ) ( ) Investments in property and equipment, intangible assets and intangible assets at fair value ( ) ( ) Net cash used in investing activities ( ) ( ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from loans payable and other financial liabilities Payments on loans payable and other financing liabilities ( ) ( ) Payments of finance lease liabilities ( ) ( ) Common Stock repurchased ( ) ( ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents ( ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents ( ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of the period $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. - Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 (In millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Non-cash transactions: Right-of-use assets obtained under operating leases $ $ Property and equipment obtained under finance leases Investments in intangible assets not paid 6 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements NOTE 1. NOTE 2. million and $ million as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the Company’s consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the Company’s consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income and equity for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 and statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments that Management believes are necessary to fairly state the Company’s financial position, operating results and cash flows. 7 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the obligations outstanding that the Company has confirmed as valid to the financial institutions amounted to $ million and $ million, respectively. For further information related to Supplier Finance Programs please refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company’s 2024 10-K. million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Revenues recognized under ASC 606, Revenue from contracts with customers, amounted to $ million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Revenues not recognized under ASC 606 amounted to $ million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Contract balances Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Receivables represent amounts invoiced and revenue recognized prior to invoicing when the Company has satisfied the performance obligation and has the unconditional right to payment. Accounts receivable and credit card receivables and other means of payments are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts and chargebacks of $ million and $ million as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. See Note 5 – Loans receivable, Net of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for information related to the allowance for doubtful accounts with respect to the Company’s loans receivable. Contract liabilities from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2024 was $ million, of which $ million was recognized as revenue during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025. As of September 30, 2025, total contract liabilities from contracts with customers recognized within current other liabilities was $ million, mainly due to fees related to classified advertising services billed, subscriptions and loyalty programs, shipping services and inventory sales that are expected to be recognized as revenue in the coming months. % and %, and % and %, respectively. Additionally, Argentina’s average inter-annual inflation rate for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 was 48.8% and 34.0%. 8 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and Argentine Pesos, respectively, against the U.S. dollar. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, Argentina’s official exchange rate against the U.S. dollar increased % and %, respectively. The average exchange rate for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 was and , respectively, resulting in an increase of %. The average exchange rate for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 was and , respectively, resulting in an increase of %. Argentine exchange regulations In the second half of 2019, the Argentine government instituted exchange controls restricting the ability of companies and individuals to exchange Argentine Pesos for foreign currencies and their ability to remit foreign currency out of Argentina. An entity’s authorization request to the Central Bank of Argentina (“CBA”) to access the official exchange market to make foreign currency payments may be denied depending on the circumstances. As a result of these exchange controls, markets in Argentina developed trading mechanisms, in which an entity or individual buys U.S. dollar denominated securities in Argentina (i.e. shares, sovereign debt) using Argentine Pesos, and subsequently sells the securities for U.S. dollars, in Argentina, to access U.S. dollars locally, or outside Argentina, by transferring the securities abroad, prior to being sold (the latter commonly known as “Blue Chip Swap Rate”). The Blue Chip Swap Rate diverged from Argentina’s official exchange rate (commonly known as the exchange spread). As of December 31, 2024, the exchange spread was %. On April 11, 2025, the Argentine government announced a series of measures aimed at easing regulations related to access to the foreign exchange market. Among other modifications, these measures include the establishment of floating bands (between 1,000 and 1,400 Argentine Pesos), which diverge 1% per month, within which the dollar exchange rate in the foreign exchange market may fluctuate, the elimination of foreign exchange restrictions applicable to individuals, the ability of companies to transfer dividends abroad to non-resident shareholders related to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025 and provide greater flexibility to make payments abroad for imports of goods and services. %. % and % to % and %, respectively, mainly as a result of lower deductions related to tax inflation adjustments in Argentina. A valuation allowance is recorded when, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company’s deferred tax assets will not be realized. In accordance with ASC 740, Management periodically assesses the need to either establish or reverse a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets considering positive and negative objective evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. In its assessment, Management considers, among other factors, the nature, frequency and magnitude of current and cumulative losses on an individual subsidiary basis, projections of future taxable income, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, as well as feasible tax planning strategies, which would be employed by the Company to prevent tax loss carry-forwards from expiring unutilized. Knowledge-based economy promotional regime in Argentina In August 2021, the Under Secretariat of Knowledge Economy issued the Disposition 316/2021 approving MercadoLibre S.R.L.’s application for eligibility under the knowledge-based economy promotional regime, established by the Law No. 27,506 and complemented by Argentina’s Executive Power Decree No. 1034/2020, Argentina’s Ministry of Productive Development’s Resolution No. 4/2021 and the Under Secretariat of Knowledge Economy’s Disposition No. 11/2021. Based on the promotional regime, companies that meet specified criteria shall be entitled to: i) a reduction of the income tax burden over the promoted activities for each fiscal year, ii) stability of the benefits established by the knowledge-based economy promotional regime, and iii) a tax credit bond on the Company’s contribution to the social security regime of every employee whose job is related to the promoted activities. On September 13, 2024, Argentina’s Secretariat of Entrepreneurs and Small and Medium Enterprises and Knowledge-Based Economy issued Resolution No. 267/2024, reducing the aggregate cap on base salaries used to calculate the tax credit bond to which companies that qualify for the regime are entitled; the tax credit bond represents % of the Company’s social security contributions for those employees whose jobs are related to the promoted activities, with a salary cap. MercadoLibre S.R.L. uses the tax credit bond to offset federal taxes. As a result, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $ million and $ million, and $ million and $ million, during the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The aggregate per share effect of the income tax benefit amounted to $ and $ , and $ and $ , for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Furthermore, the Company recorded a social security benefit of $ million and $ million during the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025, respectively, and $ million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a social security benefit of $ million and a negative adjustment of $ million due to the retrospective impact of the aforementioned Resolution 267/2024. 9 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and incremental shares related to the Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, respectively. 10 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents MercadoLibre, Inc. Notes to unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements NOTE 3. million. On September 30, 2025, MPA obtained the authorization of the CNV to convert its mutual fund “Mercado Fondo Ahorro” from a money market fund into a fixed income fund. Furthermore, on October 14, 2025, MPA was authorized to launch three new mutual funds, broadening its range of investment products: Mercado Fondo Acciones (variable income), Mercado Fondo Performance (mixed income) and Mercado Fondo International (fixed income in USD). On June 17, 2025, Meli Participaciones, S.L. and Marketplace Investments, LLC filed an application with the CBA to obtain a banking license in Argentina. The application is currently under review, and the Company is actively engaged with the CBA to address its inquiries and provide requested clarifications. In April 2025, Mercado Pago Servicios de Procesamiento S.R.L. (“MPSP”) created a global program for the issuance of debt securities. The maximum principal amount of the debt securities permitted to be...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 50,015 字符 → 19,900 字符 ...]