# Item 2

**Source**: 10-Q (2025-09-30)
**Accession**: 0001099590-25-000051
**Compressed**: 50,015 → 14,947 chars (71% reduction)

---

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any statements made or implied in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27 A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and should be evaluated as such. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “project,” “should,” “may,” “could,” “will” and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained throughout this report. Our forward looking statements, and the risks and uncertainties related to them, include, but are not limited to, statements regarding MercadoLibre, Inc.'s expectations, objectives and progress against strategic priorities; initiatives and strategies related to our products and services; our inability to successfully deliver new products and services; business and market outlook, opportunities, strategies and trends; impacts of foreign exchange; the potential impact of the uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment on our financial results; customer preferences and demand and market expansion; our planned product and services releases and capabilities; industry growth rates; inflation; future stock repurchases; our expected tax rate and tax strategies; and the likelihood, impact and result of pending legal, administrative and tax proceedings or government investigations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this report) that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections are described in “Item 1A—Risk Factors” in Part I of the Company’s 2024 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on February 21, 2025. You should read that information in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 2 of Part I of this report, our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 1 of Part I of this report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of Part II of the Company’s 2024 10-K, as well as the factors discussed in the other reports and documents we file with the SEC. We note such information for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because they are unknown to us or we do not perceive them to be material that could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC. Many of these risks are beyond our ability to control or predict. New risk factors emerge and it is not possible for Management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our Company’s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations has been organized to present the following: ■ a brief overview of our Company; ■ a review of our critical accounting policies and estimates; ■ a discussion of our principal trends and results of operations for the nine and three-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024; ■ a discussion of the principal factors that influence our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity; ■ a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources and a discussion of our capital expenditures; ■ a description of our key performance indicators; and ■ a description of our non-GAAP financial measures. Certain monetary amounts included elsewhere in this document have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. Other Information MercadoLibre, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries “us,” “we,” “our” or the “Company”) routinely post important information for investors on our Investor Relations website, investor.mercadolibre.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this report. 39 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents Business Overview We are the leading online commerce and fintech ecosystem in Latin America. Our e-commerce platform is the leader in the region based on gross merchandise volume (“GMV”), and our fintech platform is the leader in monthly active users (“MAUs”) among fintech companies in Mexico, Argentina and Chile, and the second largest in Brazil. Mercado Libre's e-commerce platform is present in 18 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela (deconsolidated since December 1, 2017), Bolivia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay and El Salvador) and our fintech platform, Mercado Pago, is present in eight countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Ecuador). Our ecosystem provides consumers and merchants with a complete portfolio of services to enable buying and selling online and the processing of payments online and offline, as well as offering a wide array of simple day-to-day financial services. We offer our users an ecosystem of integrated e-commerce and digital financial services, which includes: the Mercado Libre Marketplace, the Mercado Pago fintech platform, the Mercado Envios logistics service, the Mercado Ads solution and the Mercado Libre Classifieds service. Our e-commerce platform provides buyers and sellers with a robust and safe environment that fosters the development of a large e-commerce community in Latin America, a region with a population of over 650 million people where penetration of e-commerce over total retail significantly lags benchmarks such as the United States of America (“U.S.”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and China. We believe that we offer world-class technological and commercial solutions that address the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating a digital commerce platform in Latin America. The Mercado Libre Marketplace is a user-friendly online commerce platform that can be accessed through our mobile app or website. Third-party sellers (“3P”) account for most of the GMV transacted on the Marketplace. We complement this by selling directly to consumers on a first-party basis (“1P”) in selected categories where we can enhance price competitiveness and assortment; this accounts for less than 10% of GMV. The Marketplace has an extensive assortment of products, with a wide range of categories including consumer electronics, apparel and beauty, home goods, automotive accessories, toys, books and entertainment and consumer packaged goods. We also have a selection of international products available, primarily from sellers in China and the U.S., through our cross-border trade (“CBT”) operations. Our users can also list vehicles, properties and services they are looking to sell via Mercado Libre Classifieds. These listings differ from our Marketplace listings because we charge placing fees only, not final value fees. Mercado Envios is a logistics solution that is one of the value-added services that we offer to our sellers and buyers on our platform. The logistics services we offer are an integral and crucial part of our value proposition as they reduce friction between buyers and sellers, allow us to have greater control over the full user experience and enable faster deliveries at a more competitive cost than would otherwise be available with third-party carriers. Sellers that use Mercado Envios are eligible to access shipping subsidies that enable free or discounted shipping for consumers that buy sellers’ goods on our Marketplace. Our logistics network is built around fulfillment centers (which account for more than half of shipments), where sellers place their inventory in our warehouses, and cross-docking, where we collect items sold from sellers directly or via a network of thousands of partner stores (“MELI Places”) where sellers drop off sold items that need to be fed into our logistics network. MELI Places are also enabled for pick up of items purchased and processing of returns. Our transportation network includes dedicated aircraft, trucks and thousands of last-mile delivery vans, the vast majority of which are owned and operated by our third-party carriers. Our advertising platform, Mercado Ads, is another value-added service that we offer to sellers on our platform and brands both on- and off-platform. The platform enables sellers and brands to access the millions of consumers who browse and purchase on our Marketplace, as well as the first-party data that all of these engagements generate. This enables advertisers to target highly granular audiences. The products we offer are Product Ads (sponsored listings), Brands Ads (product carrousels), Display Ads (banners) and Video Ads, the last two of which we are able to offer inventory off-platform as well as on our own Marketplace and fintech platform. Mercado Shops is a service we offer to sellers to complement their business on our Marketplace. It is a digital storefront solution that allows sellers to set up, manage and promote their own digital stores, while using Mercado Libre’s logistics, advertising and payments services. In January 2025, we announced the migration of Mercado Shops to “Mi Página,” which offers similar functionalities but is fully embedded within our Marketplace (without an external storefront). Mercado Shops will be discontinued as of December 31, 2025. Mercado Pago was initially designed to facilitate transactions on Mercado Libre’s Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allowed our users to securely, easily and promptly send and receive payments. This brought trust to the merchant-consumer relationship. In the countries in which Mercado Pago operates, it processes and settles all transactions on our Marketplace. Beyond facilitating Marketplace transactions, over the years we have expanded our array of Mercado Pago services to third parties outside Mercado Libre’s Marketplace. We began first by satisfying the growing demand for online-based payment solutions by providing merchants the necessary digital payment infrastructure for e-commerce to flourish in Latin America. Our lending solution is available in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Chile. We offer loans mostly to merchants and consumers that already form part of our user base, many of whom have historically been underserved or overlooked by financial institutions and therefore suffer from a lack of access to credit. Facilitating credit is a key service overlay that enables us to further strengthen the engagement and lock-in rate of our users, while also generating additional touchpoints and incentives to use Mercado Pago as an end-to-end financial solution. As part of the expansion of our lending solution, during August 2025 we launched the Mercado Pago credit card in Argentina. Our asset management product, which is available in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Chile, is a critical pillar of our financial services offering that enables us to compete with large banks. This product offers remuneration on balances held in the Mercado Pago digital account that is greater than traditional checking and savings accounts. This enables our users to earn a return with funds remaining available for withdrawal or to make payments without their funds being tied up in a time deposit. 40 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents As an extension of our asset management and savings solutions for users, we launched a digital assets feature as part of the Mercado Pago account in Brazil, Mexico and Chile, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. This service allows our millions of users to purchase, hold and sell selected digital assets through our interface without leaving the Mercado Pago application, while a partner acts as the custodian and offers the blockchain infrastructure platform. This feature is available for all users through their Mercado Pago account. In 2024 and 2025 we launched “Meli Dólar,” a stablecoin that is pegged to the US dollar, in Brazil, Mexico and Chile. Members of our loyalty program receive their cashback in Meli Dólar and all Mercado Pago users can buy, hold and sell the stablecoin without charging any fees. Reporting Segments and Geographic Information Our segment reporting is based on geography, which is the criterion our Management currently uses to evaluate our segment performance. Our geographic segments are Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Other Countries (including Bermuda, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Peru, Uruguay and the U.S.). Although we discuss long-term trends in our business, it is our policy not to provide earnings guidance in the traditional sense. We believe that uncertain conditions make the forecasting of near-term results difficult. Further, we seek to make decisions focused primarily on the long-term welfare of our Company and believe focusing on short-term earnings does not best serve the interests of our stockholders. We believe ...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 50,015 字符 → 14,900 字符 ...]