# Executive Compensation

> Source: d737521d424b4.htm
> Report Date: 2025-06-05
> Filing Type: 424B4

---

executive compensation programs, including our pay-for-performance philosophy and long-term value strategy, the elements we use in our program, and the considerations used by our Compensation Committee of the board of directors (the “Compensation Committee”) to make sound compensation decisions. This CD&A should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth below. This CD&A may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations, and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt following the completion of this offering may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. This discussion focuses on our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and the three most highly compensated executive officers (the “NEOs”) for fiscal year 2024 who are listed in the table below. While this CD&A focuses primarily on the compensation of our NEOs for fiscal year 2024, this CD&A also includes, where noted, relevant compensation information for our NEOs in fiscal year 2025. Jeremy Allaire Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeremy Fox-Geen Chief Financial Officer Elisabeth Carpenter(1) Chief Operating Officer Heath Tarbert Chief Legal Officer and Head of Corporate Affairs(2) Nikhil Chandhok Chief Product Officer(3) (1) Effective January 1, 2025, Ms. Carpenter became our Chief Strategic Engagement Officer and was no longer considered an executive officer of our Company, but remains a non-executive officer employee and member of our executive leadership team. (2) Effective January 1, 2025, Mr. Tarbert was promoted to “President” and remains “Chief Legal Officer.” (3) Effective January 1, 2025, Mr. Chandhok was promoted to “Chief Product and Technology Officer.” Executive summary Our compensation philosophy and objectives Circle promotes a compensation philosophy to ensure competitive, fair, performance-driven total rewards packages for our executives, while simultaneously creating long-term value for our stockholders. The objectives of this philosophy are to: • Align the total rewards programs at Circle with Circle’s mission, performance, and the interests of our stockholders, particularly with respect to key executives who are best positioned to drive long-term value creation. • Attract and retain executives that are both high performers in their specialty and exemplify Circle’s values. • Reinforce our pay-for-performance orientation through programs that motivate and reward executives for their contributions to Circle’s short- and long-term performance. We believe our programs and practices, as described in this CD&A, achieve these objectives. Compensation elements and pay mix The Compensation Committee establishes and oversees our executive compensation program, including the determination of base salary and short- and long-term incentives. We believe these practices align with our 174 Table of Contents peers in both design and value, and ultimately align NEO’s interests with those of stockholders, through the prioritizing of variable compensation elements. In fiscal year 2024, the principal elements of our executive compensation program, and the purpose of each element, were as follows: Element Type Element Key Features Base Salary Fixed Cash Provide fixed, ongoing compensation to attract and retain executives, which is representative of the market for their role and expected contributions. Short-Term Incentive Variable Cash Variable cash incentive opportunity to motivate executives to achieve key short-term business and financial objectives aligned with the Company’s operating plan and strategic priorities. Payouts are determined formulaically based on the achievement of financial and business performance goals. Long-Term Incentives Variable Equity Granted in the form of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to align the interests of executives with stockholders by promoting sustainable long-term value creation and reinforcing a pay-for-performance culture. Multi-year vesting schedules encourage long-term ownership, retention, and leadership continuity. Executive compensation practices Our executive compensation program and practices are designed to reinforce our pay-for-performance philosophy and incorporate the following corporate governance best practices designed to protect the interests of our stockholders. 175 Table of Contents What We Do What We Don’t Do ☑ Maintain a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy to attract, motivate, and retain top executive talent. ☑ Include a mix of both short and long-term compensation, while emphasizing long-term equity compensation. ☑ Ensure that a significant portion of compensation is performance-based or variable and not guaranteed. ☑ Conduct annual reviews of NEO compensation to ensure alignment with competitive market practices. ☑ Regularly discuss risks of our compensation program. ☑ Maintain an independent Compensation Committee and independent consultant to the Compensation Committee. ☑ Require stock ownership equal to 5x base salary for our Chief Executive Officer and 3x base salary for all other executive officers. ☑ Maintain a compensation recovery policy for erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation to ensure accountability. ☒ Offer change-in-control excise tax reimbursement or “gross-ups.” ☒ Enter into fixed term employment agreements. ☒ Offer “single-trigger” change-in-control arrangements. ☒ Provide excessive perquisites. ☒ Permit hedging or pledging of Circle securities. ☒ Provide pensions or supplemental executive retirement programs. ☒ Award option grants at discounted stock prices or permit option repricing without stockholder approval. Executive compensation process Role of the Compensation Committee, management, and the board of directors The Compensation Committee oversees and discharges responsibilities delegated by the board of directors related to executive compensation; director compensation; the Company’s compensation policies, plans, and benefits programs; equity compensation plans; compensation-related risks; human capital management; and other duties that may be assigned to the Compensation Committee by the board of directors. With respect to executive compensation the Compensation Committee reviews and approves existing and new compensation programs, including identifying, reviewing, and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to each such executive’s compensation, and evaluating each such executive’s performance in light of such goals and objectives. With respect to the Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee reviews and recommends compensation decisions to the board of directors, who oversees and approves such compensation. Additionally, the Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing, approving, and administering short- and long-term incentive compensation plans for employees and officers of the Company, including establishing performance objectives and evaluating performance achievement, reviewing and approving all related plans and grant awards pursuant to such plans, and adopting, amending, and terminating any such plans subject to obtaining any required stockholder approval. The Compensation Committee oversees the Company’s stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and directors, and oversees the approval and administration of the compensation recoupment, clawback, and similar policies. Additionally, the Compensation Committee annually reviews and approves the list of companies to be included in any compensation peer group used to benchmark pay levels based on criteria the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. Finally, the Compensation 176 Table of Contents Committee oversees the administration of, and, as appropriate, the enforcement of our clawback policies and any recoupment-related activity. Independent compensation committee consultant’s role in determining compensation From 2021 until August 2024, the Compensation Committee engaged Pearl Meyer as its independent compensation consultant, and Pearl Meyer advised the Compensation Committee with respect to 2024 pay decisions, other than the payout amount of the 2024 STIP (as defined below). In August 2024, the Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy as its independent compensation consultant. The Compensation Committee’s consultant provides guidance to the Compensation Committee regarding the amount and types of compensation provided to executives and directors, plan design for our short-term and long-term incentive plans, peer group determination, and share plan usage. Fiscal year 2024 peer group companies Competitive compensation data is one of several factors that our Compensation Committee considers in making its decisions with respect to the compensation of our executives, including our NEOs. Specifically, our Compensation Committee considers compensation data in our competitive market for executive talent, particularly the compensation levels and practices of a group of peer companies (the “Compensation Peer Group”), as determined by our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee, with the assistance of Pearl Meyer, developed and approved the following Compensation Peer Group for fiscal year 2024 based on each company’s similarity to us in terms of industry and financial characteristics, as determined using the following criteria: • business model and/or product, with a focus on companies with FinTech, cryptocurrency, and banking industries; • similar size, as measured by revenue, assets, and market capitalization; • headquartered in the United States and traded on a major stock exchange; and • preference for high annual revenue growth companies. Peer Companies for fiscal year 2024: ACI Worldwide, Inc. LendingClub Corporation Shift4 Payments, Inc. Affirm Holdings, Inc. Marqeta, Inc. SoFi Technologies, Inc. BILL Holdings, Inc. MongoDB, Inc. Synovus Financial Corp. Coinbase Global, Inc. Payoneer Global Inc. Upstart Holdings, Inc. Customers Bancorp, Inc. Q2 Holdings, Inc. WEX Inc. Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. Repay Holdings Corporation Following Semler Brossy’s appointment as the Compensation Committee’s independent consultant, the Compensation Committee revisited the compensation peer group for fiscal year 2025 to specifically focus on FinTech, financial services, and digital platform companies within a similar size of Circle, as measured by revenue, market capitalization, and EBITDA. As a result, the Compensation Committee removed five entities due to size and less direct industry comparability (Customers Bancorp, Inc., Marqeta, Inc., Repay Holdings Corporation, Synovus Financial Corp., and Upstart Holdings, Inc.) and added nine companies with stronger industry comparability (BlackLine, Inc., DocuSign, Inc., Dropbox, Inc., Evercore Inc., Enova International, Inc., Lending Tree, Inc., Remitly Global, Inc., Robinhood Markets, Inc., and World Acceptance Corporation). 177 Table of Contents Analysis of fiscal year 2024 compensation Elements of NEO compensation The fiscal year 2024 executive compensation program consisted of the following elements: base salary, short-term incentive compensation, and long-term equity incentive compensation in the form of RSUs. Each element, which is further discussed below, is intended to reward and motivate executives in different ways consistent with our overall compensation philosophy. Each of the above-described compensation elements for our NEOs for fiscal year 2024 is discussed in detail below, including a description of the particular element and how it fits into our overall executive compensation philosophy and objectives. Base salaries Each of the NEOs is paid a base salary commensurate with his or her skill set, experience, performance, role, and responsibilities. For fiscal year 2024, the annual base salaries for Mr. Allaire, Mr. Fox-Geen, Ms. Carpenter, Mr. Tarbert, and Mr. Chandhok were $900,000, $500,000, $500,000, $500,000, and $500,000, respectively. For fiscal year 2025, the annual base salaries for Messrs. Allaire, Fox-Geen, Tarbert, and Chandhok remain unchanged. Short-Term Incentive Plan (“STIP”) The STIP is a cash-based annual bonus plan that rewards our NEOs and other executives for the achievement of key short-term objectives established by our Compensation Committee over two six-month performance periods. For the 2024 plan year (the “2024 STIP”), the target annual bonuses for Mr. Allaire, Mr. Fox-Geen, Ms. Carpenter, Mr. Tarbert, and Mr. Chandhok were 140%, 110%, 110%, 110%, and 75%, respectively, of each applicable NEO’s annual base salary (which were the same bonus targets as for 2023 and 2025, with the exception of Mr. Chandhok, whose target increased from 60% to 75% from 2023 to 2024 and from 75% to 110% for 2025). Bonuses under the 2024 STIP were payable between 0% and 150% of target levels, determined as follows: (i) for the January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024 performance period, based on the achievement against the following corporate performance goals: STIP Adjusted EBITDA (70%) and non-financial business performance goals (30%) (the “1H STIP”) and (ii) for the July 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 performance period based on the achievement of the following corporate performance goals: STIP Adjusted EBITDA (70%) and non-financial business performance goals (30%) (the “2H STIP”). For the 1H STIP, the STIP Adjusted EBITDA performance targets and potential payout opportunities were as follows: Threshold Target Maximum STIP Adjusted EBITDA Goal ($M) 80 107 140 Achievement % 80% 107% 140% Payout % 50% 100% 150% Additionally, for the 1H STIP, the non-financial business performance goals, each weighted equally, were as follows: • Hit key milestones for public company readiness; • Launch in two new international markets; • Onboard with two new reserve banks; and • Lay groundwork in three new strategic markets. For the non-financial business performance goals, threshold payout of 50% is based on achievement of two of the goals, target payout of 100% is based on achievement of three of the goals, and maximum payout of 150% is based on achievement of all four of the goals. 178 Table of Contents For 2H STIP, the STIP Adjusted EBITDA performance targets and potential payout opportunities were as follows: Threshold Target Maximum STIP Adjusted EBITDA Goal ($M) 83 127 160 Achievement % 82% 125% 158% Payout % 50% 100% 150% Additionally, for the 2H STIP, the non-financial business performance goals, each weighted equally, were as follows: • Close three enterprise-scale commercial partnerships; • Enable three new monetization streams; • Open accounts with three new reserve banks; • Lay groundwork in three new strategic markets; and • Launch three critical components of major blockchain infrastructure. For the non-financial business performance goals, threshold payout of 50% is based on achievement of two of the goals, target payout is based on achievement of three of the goals, and maximum payout is based on achievement of all five of the goals. For purposes of the STIP, STIP Adjusted EBITDA is defined as our Adjusted EBITDA, plus one-time severance and retention costs, less digital assets gains and impairment, less other non-recurring income derived from non-core operations. For the 1H STIP for 2024, the STIP Adjusted EBITDA Goal was achieved at $160M, resulting in a payout percentage of 150% for the financial component, and all four non-financial business performance goals were achieved, resulting in a payout percentage of 150% for the non-financial component, and an aggregate achievement for the 1H STIP of 150% of target levels. For the 2H STIP for 2024, the STIP Adjusted EBITDA Goal was achieved at $123M, resulting in a payout percentage of 99% for the financial component, and three non-financial business performance goals were achieved, resulting in a payout percentage of 100% for the non-financial component, and an aggregate achievement for the 2H STIP of 99% of target levels. The resulting aggregate funding level under the 2024 STIP was 124.5%. Accordingly, payouts to the NEOs were as follows: (i) Mr. Allaire, $1,568,700, (ii) Mr. Fox-Geen, $684,750, (iii) Ms. Carpenter, $684,750, (iv) Mr. Tarbert, $684,750, and (v) Mr. Chandhok, $466,875. Equity incentive compensation Each year our NEOs are eligible to receive equity awards under our Annual Grant Program (“Annual Grant”). In 2024, our NEOs received 100% of their Annual Grant in the form of RSUs (the “2024 Annual Grants”). The amounts granted of the 2024 Annual Grant were determined by several factors, including the Compensation Committee factoring in peer data, the individual’s performance and impact to the Company, and the individual’s outstanding equity holdings. For 2024 Annual Grants, grants made to the NEOs were as follows: (i) Mr. Allaire, $9,000,000, (ii) Mr. Fox-Geen, $4,000,000, (iii) Ms. Carpenter, $4,000,000, (iv) Mr. Tarbert, $4,000,000, and (v) Mr. Chandhok, $4,000,000. The 2024 Annual Grants have both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The time-based vesting condition is 25% after one year, then monthly thereafter for the next 36 months. The performance-based vesting condition will be satisfied upon a qualifying change in control event or public listing of the Company, which will be deemed satisfied in connection with our initial public offering. For 2025, our NEOs (Messrs. Allaire, Fox-Geen, Tarbert, and Chandhok) received 100% of their Annual Grant in the form of RSUs (the “2025 Annual Grants”). The amounts granted of the 2025 Annual Grant were determined 179 Table of Contents by the Compensation Committee factoring in peer data, the individual’s performance and impact to the Company, and the individual’s outstanding equity holdings. For 2025 Annual Grants, grants made to our 2025 NEOs (Messrs. Allaire, Fox-Geen, Tarbert, and Chandhok) were as follows: (i) Mr. Allaire, $9,000,000, (ii) Mr. Fox-Geen, $6,000,000, (iii) Mr. Tarbert, $7,500,000, and (iv) Mr. Chandhok, $6,000,000. For Mr. Tarbert, $1,500,000 represents a one-time promotional grant. The 2025 Annual Grants have both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The time-based vesting condition is 25% after one year, then monthly thereafter for the next 36 months. The performance-based vesting condition will be satisfied upon a qualifying change in control event or public listing of the Company, which will be deemed satisfied in connection with our initial public offering. One time IPO-related compensation In connection with the efforts undertaken to prepare Circle for an initial public offering and to continue executing upon critical business initiatives thereafter, each of our NEOs who remains an executive officer at such time (Messrs. Allaire, Fox-Geen, Tarbert, and Chandhok) will receive a cash bonus of $1,000,000, to be paid in quarterly installments over two years beginning in March 2025. Other compensation and benefits Company 401(k) plan Our executives, including our NEOs, may participate in our tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan, which provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis. Plan participants are able to defer eligible compensation subject to the applicable annual limits set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In fiscal year 2024, we matched 100% of the first 3% of contributions by plan participants, and 50% of the next 2% of contributions by plan participants, subject to annual contribution limits set forth in the Code. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and its related trust is intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code. As a tax-qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from the 401(k) plan. Health and welfare benefits Our executives, including our NEOs, are eligible to receive the same health and welfare benefits that are generally available to all of our full-time employees, subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility requirements. These benefits include our medical, dental, and vision insurance, and life and disability insurance plans. In structuring these benefit plans, we seek to provide an aggregate level of benefits that are comparable to those provided by similar companies. Perquisites and personal benefits We do not view perquisites or other personal benefits as a significant component of our executive compensation program. Accordingly, we do not provide significant perquisites or other personal benefits to our executives, including our NEOs, except as generally made available to our employees, or in situations where we believe it is appropriate to assist an individual in the performance of his or her duties, to reward long-standing service to us, to make our executives more efficient and effective, or for recruitment and retention purposes. In fiscal year 2024, we provided payment for the expenses for personal security during personal travel and at his residence to Mr. Allaire to address safety concerns arising as a result of his position with the Company. We 180 Table of Contents required these security and privacy measures for Circle’s benefit because of the importance of Mr. Allaire’s role to our Company, and we believe that the scope and costs of these security measures are appropriate and necessary. We report the aggregate incremental cost to the Company for these services in the “All Other Compensation” column of “Executive Compensation—Summary Compensation Table” below. Employment arrangements with NEOs We have entered into offer letters with each of our NEOs. In fiscal year 2025, we also adopted executive severance guidelines (the “Executive Severance Guidelines”), which provide for certain payments and benefits in the event of a termination of employment, including an involuntary termination of employment in connection with a change in control of Circle. All of our NEOs are eligible for severance benefits under the Executive Severance Guidelines and the terms of the Executive Severance Guidelines replace the severance provisions in such NEO’s offer letters, if any. The terms and conditions relating to the Executive Severance Guidelines are set forth below in “—Executive Compensation—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control.” Offer letters The material terms of the applicable offer letters with Mr. Allaire, Mr. Fox-Geen, Ms. Carpenter, Mr. Tarbert, and Mr. Chandhok are described below. Jeremy Allaire . We entered into an offer letter with Mr. Allaire, dated February 1, 2025 (the “Allaire Offer Letter”), which detailed his then-current terms of employment in the position of Chief Executive Officer. The Allaire Offer Letter sets forth Mr. Allaire’s annual base salary, his target bonus percentage, and his eligibility to participate in our equity incentive plan and our benefit plans generally. Mr. Allaire is subject to our standard noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment agreement, which provides for restrictions on noncompetition (during employment and for one year post-termination), employee and customer non-solicitation (during employment and for one year post-termination), confidentiality (perpetual), and assignment of intellectual property rights. Jeremy Fox-Geen . We entered into an offer letter with Mr. Fox-Geen, dated as of February 1, 2025 (the “Fox-Geen Offer Letter”). The Fox-Geen Offer Letter sets forth the terms of Mr. Fox-Geen’s employment, including his positions and duties, his annual base salary, his target bonus percentage, and his eligibility to participate in our equity incentive plan and benefit plans generally. Mr. Fox-Geen is subject to our standard non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment agreement, which provides for restrictions on employee and customer non-solicitation (during employment and for one year post-termination), confidentiality (perpetual), and assignment of intellectual property rights. Elisabeth Carpenter . We entered into an offer letter with Ms. Carpenter, dated as of May 16, 2016 (the “Carpenter Offer Letter”). The Carpenter Offer Letter sets forth the terms of Ms. Carpenter’s employment, including her positions and duties, her annual base salary, her target bonus percentage, and her eligibility to participate in our equity incentive plan and our benefit plans generally. Ms. Carpenter is subject to our standard noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment agreement, which provides for restrictions on noncompetition (during employment and for one year post-termination), employee and customer non-solicitation (during employment and for one year post-termination), confidentiality (perpetual), and assignment of intellectual property rights. Heath Tarbert . We entered into an offer letter with Mr. Tarbert, dated as of February 1, 2025 (the “Tarbert Offer Letter”). The Tarbert Offer Letter sets forth the terms of Mr. Tarbert’s employment, including his positions and duties, his annual base salary, his target bonus percentage, and his eligibility to participate in our equity incentive plan and benefit plans generally. Mr. Tarbert is subject to our standard non-solicitation, 181 Table of Contents confidentiality, and assignment agreement, which provides for restrictions on employee and customer non-solicitation (during employment and for one year post-termination), confidentiality (perpetual), and assignment of intellectual property rights. Nikhil Chandhok. We entered into an offer letter with Mr. Chandhok, dated as of February 1, 2025 (the “Chandhok Offer Letter”). The Chandhok Offer Letter sets forth the terms of Mr. Chandhok’s employment, including his positions and duties, his annual base salary, his target bonus percentage, and his eligibility to participate in our equity incentive plan and benefit plans generally. Mr. Chandhok is subject to our standard non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment agreement, which provides for restrictions on employee and customer non-solicitation (during employment and for one year post-termination), confidentiality (perpetual), and assignment of intellectual property rights. Other compensation governance practices Stock ownership guidelines Effective on the consummation of our initial public offering, we will require our executive officers and directors meet minimum stock ownership guidelines, as we believe stock ownership is an important tool to strengthen the alignment of interests among our executive officers, non-employee directors, and our stockholders. Pursuant to the stock ownership guidelines, our Chief Executive Officer, each other executive officer, and our non-employee directors are required to hold Circle stock with a value equal to 5 times, 3 times, and 3 times, respectively, his or her annual base salary or annual cash retainer fee, as applicable. Each individual covered by the stock ownership guidelines will be required to satisfy their stock ownership requirements within five years after the later of (i) effectiveness of this prospectus which forms a part of the registration statement and (ii) such executive officer’s appointment as an executive officer or such non-employee director’s election to the board of directors, as applicable. Compliance with the ownership guidelines will be measured on December 31 of each year, noting the 5-year phase in requirement where ownership has not been met. For purposes of measuring compliance with these guidelines, vested and unvested time-based RSUs (on a net basis) and Company stock directly or indirectly owned or beneficially owned by the NEO or non-employee director or the executive officer or non-employee director’s immediate family members residing in the same household, will count toward the executive officer or non-employee director’s stock holdings. Performance-based restricted stock, RSUs that are unearned ( i.e ., performance-based awards for which the applicable performance conditions have not been satisfied), and unexercised stock options, including vested in-the-money options, are not counted for purposes of compliance. Until the stock ownership requirements are achieved, each applicable individual is expected to retain at least 50% of the total number of shares acquired by them following the grant, exercise, or settlement of any equity award, as applicable, on a net basis, and excluding any shares held subject to a 10b5-1 sales plan in existence as of the date of the registration statement. Clawback policy Effective on the consummation of our initial public offering, we will adopt an executive compensation recoupment policy intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the rules of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed (our “Clawback Policy”), under which the Compensation Committee must recover certain excess incentive-based compensation paid to executives in the event of a restatement of our financial statements due to our material noncompliance with any financial reporting required under U.S. federal securities laws. A copy of the Clawback Policy is filed with this prospectus. 182 Table of Contents Hedging & pledging policies Transactions in derivative securities may reflect a short-term and speculative interest in our securities and may create the appearance of impropriety. Trading in derivatives may also focus attention on short-term performance at the expense of our long-term objectives. Therefore, our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our directors, officers, and employees from engaging in any derivative transactions that are designed to hedge or speculate on any change in the market value of our securities. Options and other securities issued pursuant to our compensation plans or other compensatory arrangements with us are not subject to this prohibition. In addition, our Insider Trading Policy also prohibits our directors, officers, and employees from pledging our securities, including purchasing our securities on margin or holding our securities in a margin account. Compensation and risk management Our Compensation Committee, our compensation consultant, and our management team each play a role in evaluating and mitigating potential risks associated with our compensation program, practices, and policies. Our Compensation Committee, with input and support from our compensation consultant and management, has performed a compensation risk assessment. In particular, this assessment considered compensation program attributes that help to mitigate risk, including, for example: • the mix of cash and equity compensation; • a balance of short- and long-term incentive plan designs with multiple performance measures that emphasize top- and bottom-line performance; and • the oversight of an independent Compensation Committee. Based on this assessment, our Compensation Committee concluded that our compensation policies and practices, taken as a whole, are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Circle. Tax and accounting considerations Deductibility of executive compensation Code Section 162(m), as amended by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, generally imposes a $1 million cap on the federal income tax deduction for compensation paid to our “covered employees” during any fiscal year. While the Compensation Committee considers the deductibility of awards as one factor in determining executive compensation, the Compensation Committee also looks at other factors in making its decisions, and, in the exercise of its business judgment and in accordance with its compensation philosophy, the Compensation Committee retains the flexibility to award compensation even if the compensation is not deductible by us for tax purposes, and to modify compensation that was initially intended to be tax deductible if it determines such modifications are consistent with our business needs. Accounting for stock-based compensation The Compensation Committee takes accounting considerations into account in designing compensation plans and arrangements for our NEOs and other employees. We follow the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (FASB ASC Topic 718) for our stock-based compensation awards. FASB ASC Topic 718 requires us to measure the compensation expense for all share-based payment awards based on the grant date “fair value” of these awards. 183 Table of Contents Summary compensation table The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation paid to our named executive officers during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. Name and principal position Year Salary($) Bonus ($) Stock awards ($)(1) Option awards ($)(2) Non -equity incentive plan compen- sation ($) All other compen- sation ($)(3) Total ($) Jeremy Allaire 2024 900,000 — 8,999,983 — 1,568,700 776,334 12,245,017 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2023 850,000 — 3,849,977 3,868,126 1,386,350 106,100 10,060,553 2022 850,000 — 3,799,982 3,802,527 1,154,300 — 9,606,809 Jeremy Fox-Geen 2024 500,000 — 3,999,996 — 684,750 — 5,184,746 Chief Financial Officer 2023 500,000 — 1,749,975 1,756,476 640,750 — 4,647,201 2022 500,000 250,000 (7) 749,958 750,424 533,500 — 2,783,882 Elisabeth Carpenter 2024 500,000 — 3,999,996 — 684,750 — 5,184,746 Chief Strategic Engagement Officer(4) 2023 500,000 — 1,749,975 1,755,930 640,750 — 4,646,655 2022 500,000 — 1,549,964 1,550,956 533,500 — 4,134,420 Heath Tarbert 2024 500,000 — 3,999,996 — 684,750 — 5,184,746 President and Chief Legal Officer(5) 2023 (6) 250,000 500,000 (7) 11,421,846 11,890,559 412,500 — 24,474,905 Nikhil Chandhok 2024 500,000 — 3,999,996 — 466,875 — 4,966,871 Chief Product and Technology Officer(8) 2023 475,000 — 749,975 752,233 332,025 — 2,309,233 2022 (9) 342,330 — 25,919,641 16,125,167 199,116 — 42,586,254 (1) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSU awards granted to the NEOs, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the RSU awards reported in this column are set forth in Note 18 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 included elsewhere in this prospectus. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these RSU awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our NEOs upon the vesting and settlement of the RSU awards or any sale of the underlying shares of Circle following settlement. (2) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the option awards granted to the NEOs, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the option awards reported in this column are set forth in Note 18 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 included elsewhere in this prospectus. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these option awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our NEOs upon the exercise of the option awards or any sale of the underlying shares of Circle. (3) The amount reported reflects costs related to personal security services for Mr. Allaire in 2023, and for personal security during personal travel and home security enhancement for Mr. Allaire in 2024. (4) In 2024, Ms. Carpenter held the role of Chief Operating Officer. (5) In 2024, Mr. Tarbert held the role of Chief Legal Officer and Head of Corporate Affairs. (6) Mr. Tarbert commenced his employment with us on July 1, 2023 and his base salary and cash-based incentive compensation were pro-rated accordingly. (7) Represents a one-time sign-on bonus granted in connection with each of Mr. Fox-Geen’s and Mr. Tarbert’s commencement of employment. For Mr. Fox-Geen, his bonus was paid one year following the commencement of his employment. (8) In 2024, Mr. Chandhok held the role of Chief Product Officer. (9) Mr. Chandhok commenced his employment with us on February 2, 2022 and his base salary and cash-based incentive compensation were pro-rated accordingly. Grants of plan-based awards The following table sets forth information with respect to plan-based awards granted to our named executive officers during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 184 Table of Contents Grant date Estimated future payouts under non-equity incentive plan awards(1) All other stock awards: number of shares of stock or units (#)(2) Grant date fair value of stock and option awards Name Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Jeremy Allaire 20-Mar-2024 27-Feb-2024 $ 630,000 $ 1,260,000 $ 1,890,000 323,624 $ 8,999,983 Jeremy Fox-Geen 20-Mar-2024 27-Feb-2024 $ 275,000 $ 550,000 $ 825,000 143,833 $ 3,999,996 Elisabeth Carpenter 20-Mar-2024 27-Feb-2024 $ 275,000 $ 550,000 $ 825,000 143,833 $ 3,999,996 Heath Tarbert 20-Mar-2024 27-Feb-2024 $ 275,000 $ 550,000 $ 825,000 143,833 $ 3,999,996 Nikhil Chandhok 20-Mar-2024 27-Feb-2024 $ 187,500 $ 375,000 $ 562,500 143,833 $ 3,999,996 (1) These columns reflect the 2024 STIP opportunities for our NEOs, as described under “Compensation Discussion & Analysis—Analysis of Fiscal Year 2024 Compensation—Elements of NEO Compensation—Short-Term Incentive Plan (“STIP”) above. (2) The amounts in this column reflect the RSUs granted to our NEOs during fiscal year 2024, as described under “Compensation Discussion & Analysis—Analysis of Fiscal Year 2024 Compensation—Elements of NEO Compensation—Equity Incentive Compensation above. Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end The following table sets forth information concerning outstanding equity awards for our named executive officers as of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Option awards(1) Stock awards(1) Name Grant Date Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable Option exercise price ($) Option expiration date Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ($) Jeremy Allaire 11-Sep-2018 552,938 — $ 0.08 11-Sep-2028 — — 16-Jan-2020 583,333 — $ 0.08 16-Jan-2030 — — 04-May-2022 106,081 39,401 (2) $ 48.45 04-May-2032 — — 17-Apr-2023 115,588 125,640 (2) $ 32.95 13-Apr-2033 — — 03-May-2023 14 16 (2) $ 32.95 03-May-2033 — — 04-May-2022 — — — — 78,431 (3) $ 2,443,910 17-Apr-2023 — — — — 116,843 (3) $ 3,640,828 20-Mar-2024 — — — — 323,624 (3) $ 10,084,124 Jeremy Fox-Geen 19-May-2021 1,272,928 156,250 (2) $ 10.11 19-May-2031 — — 04-May-2022 20,937 7,776 (2) $ 48.45 04-May-2032 — — 17-Apr-2023 52,547 57,116 (2) $ 32.95 13-Apr-2033 — — 04-May-2022 — — — — 15,479 (3) $ 482,326 17-Apr-2023 — — — — 53,110 (3) $ 1,654,908 20-Mar-2024 — — — — 143,833 (3) $ 4,481,836 Elisabeth Carpenter 31-Jul-2017 76,792 — $ 0.08 31-Jul-2027 — — 31-Jul-2017 18,011 — $ 0.08 31-Jul-2027 — — 24-Jun-2019 175,208 — $ 0.08 24-Jun-2029 — — 16-Jan-2020 656,250 — $ 0.08 16-Jan-2030 — — 27-Aug-2020 2,173,698 — $ 0.08 27-Aug-2030 — — 04-May-2022 43,269 16,072 (2) $ 48.45 04-May-2032 — — 17-Apr-2023 52,540 57,109 (2) $ 32.95 13-Apr-2033 — — 185 Table of Contents Option awards(1) Stock awards(1) Name Grant Date Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable Option exercise price ($) Option expiration date Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ($) 03-May-2023 7 7 (2) $ 32.95 03-May-2033 — — 04-May-2022 — — — — 31,991 (3) $ 996,840 17-Apr-2023 — — — — 53,110 (3) $ 1,654,908 20-Mar-2024 — — — — 143,833 (3) $ 4,481,836 Heath Tarbert 02-Sep-2023 332,905 607,063 (2) $ 25.09 28-Aug-2033 — — 02-Sep-2023 — — — — 455,235 (3) $ 14,185,123 20-Mar-2024 — — — — 143,833 (3) $ 4,481,836 Nikhil Chandhok 04-Feb-2022 899,355 370,322 (2) $ 25.81 04-Feb-2032 — — 17-Apr-2023 22,520 24,478 (2) $ 32.95 13-Apr-2033 — — 04-Feb-2022 — — — — 1,004,248 (3) $ 31,292,368 17-Apr-2023 — — — — 22,761 (3) $ 709,233 20-Mar-2024 — — — — 143,833 (3) $ 4,481,836 (1) Each equity award was granted under and is subject to the terms of our 2013 Scheme. As described below under “ 2013 Circle Internet Financial Limited Share Award Scheme ,” awards under the 2013 Scheme will be exercised or settled, as applicable, for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, of Circle Internet Group, Inc. (2) 1/4 of the shares subject to the option award vest upon the one-year anniversary following the vesting commencement date and the remaining portion vest in 36 successive equal monthly installments thereafter, in each case, subject to the NEO’s continued service relationship with Circle through each applicable vesting date. The award is also subject to certain acceleration of vesting provisions described under “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” below. (3) These RSUs vest based on the satisfaction of both service-based and liquidity-based vesting conditions and will expire if not vested prior to the seventh anniversary of the grant date. The service-based vesting period for these RSU awards is scheduled over four years, with 1/4 of the shares subject to these RSU awards vesting upon the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining portion vesting in 36 successive equal monthly installments thereafter, in each case, subject to the NEO’s continued service relationship with Circle through each applicable vesting date. The awards are also subject to certain acceleration of vesting provisions as described under “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” below. Option exercises and stock vested The following table sets forth information concerning stock options exercised and stock awards vested for our named executive officers during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) Jeremy Allaire — — — — Jeremy Fox-Geen 10,118 $ 147,723 0 $ 0 Elisabeth Carpenter — — — — Heath Tarbert — — — — Nikhil Chandhok — — — — Pension benefits None of our NEOs are entitled to any payments or other benefits following or in connection with retirement. 186 Table of Contents Nonqualified deferred compensation None of our NEOs participate in any plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified. Potential payments upon termination or change in control Executive Severance Guidelines We maintain Executive Severance Guidelines, most recently updated as of January 1, 2025, which provide for certain payments and benefits in the event of a termination of employment, including an involuntary termination of employment in connection with a change in control of Circle. As a condition to receiving any severance pay or benefits under the Executive Severance Guidelines, the NEO must execute a release of claims in favor of Circle. Generally, the following definitions would apply under the Executive Severance Guidelines: “Cause” generally means (i) the employee’s dishonest statements or acts with respect to Circle, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers, vendors, or other third parties with which Circle does business; (ii) the employee’s commission of (a) a felony or (b) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the employee’s willful failure to perform his or her assigned duties and responsibilities which failure continues after written notice given to the employee by Circle; (iv) the employee’s gross negligence, willful misconduct, or insubordination with respect to Circle or any affiliate of Circle; or (v) the employee’s material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the employee and Circle relating to non-solicitation, nondisclosure, and/or assignment of inventions. “Good Reason” generally means any of the following unless such event is agreed to, in writing or as set forth below, by the employee: (i) a material reduction in the employee’s salary or benefits, other than as a result of a reduction in compensation affecting all similarly leveled employees of Circle, or its successor entity, generally; (ii) a material diminution of the employee’s duties or responsibilities or, in the event of a Change in Control, a substantial diminution in the employee’s title; (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which the employee must provide services to the Company; (iv) in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, a change of reporting line such that he or she is no longer reporting directly to the board of directors and in the case of any other NEO, a change of reporting line such that he or she is no longer reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer; (v) reassignment of the employee into another Tier under the plan within ninety (90) days of entry into a letter of intent by the Company leading to a Change in Control without the prior written consent of the employee; or (vi) the failure of a successor to the Company to assume the plan; provided that, if any of the events set forth above occurs, the employee is required to give prompt written notice of such event to Circle or its successor entity, and if such event is not cured within 30 days from such notice, the employee may exercise his or her right to resign for Good Reason. Termination without cause or for good reason (not involving a change in control) Each of our NEOs is eligible to receive certain termination benefits upon a termination by Circle without “cause” or by such individual for “good reason,” other than in connection with a change in control of Circle under the Executive Severance Guidelines. Had the NEOs been terminated as of December 31, 2024, they would have been entitled to severance under their original offer letters, which generally provided for a multiplier on their base 187 Table of Contents salary plus their pro rata target bonus. The following table sets forth the payments and benefits each of our NEOs would receive upon a termination by Circle without “cause” or by such individual for “good reason”: Name Cash severance Benefit continuation Equity awards Jeremy Allaire 1.5x the sum of base salary and target bonus Continuation of medical and welfare benefits at Circle’s cost for the 18-month period following the date of termination Outstanding equity incentive awards will be treated in accordance with their terms and conditions All other NEOs 1.0x the sum of base salary and target bonus Continuation of medical and welfare benefits at Circle’s cost for the one-year period following the date of termination Vested options will remain exercisable for nine months Other outstanding equity incentive awards will be treated in accordance with their terms and conditions Termination without cause or for good reason in connection with a change in control Under the Executive Severance Guidelines, in the event that the NEO’s employment is terminated by Circle without “cause” or by such individual for “good reason,” in each case, within three months prior to or 12 months after a “change in control” of Circle, then such individual would be eligible to receive the payments and benefits detailed below. Had the NEOs been terminated as of December 31, 2024, they would have been entitled to severance under their original offer letters, which generally provided for a multiplier on their base salary plus their pro rata target bonus. Name Cash benefit Benefit continuation Equity awards Jeremy Allaire 2.0x the sum of base salary and target bonus Continuation of medical and welfare benefits at Circle’s cost for the two-year period following the date of termination 100% acceleration of outstanding time-based equity awards All other NEOs 1.5x the sum of base salary and target bonus Continuation of medical and welfare benefits at Circle’s cost for the 18-month period following the date of termination 100% acceleration of outstanding time-based equity awards Vested options will remain exercisable for 12 months The Executive Severance Guidelines also include a “best net” provision such that if the amounts to be received upon a termination of employment in connection with a change in control would trigger the excise tax on parachute payments, either the payments will be lowered so as not to trigger the excise tax, or they will be paid in full subject to the tax, whichever produces the better net after-tax position. Quantification of termination payments and benefits The table below sets forth the estimated payments and benefits that each fiscal year 2024 NEO would have been entitled to receive upon a qualifying termination of employment by the Company and/or the occurrence of 188 Table of Contents a change in control, in each case assuming the relevant event occurred on December 31, 2024. Due to the number of factors that affect the nature and amount of any potential payments or benefits, actual payments and benefits may differ from those presented in the table below. Note that the following table of potential payments and benefits represents the severance provisions set forth in the NEO’s individual employment agreements or offer letters in effect as of December 31, 2024, and does not take into account the provisions of our current Executive Severance Guidelines discussed above, which were implemented effective January 1, 2025. However, the potential payments and benefits included in the table below do not differ materially from the potential payments and benefits available under our amended Executive Severance Guidelines, as amended for fiscal year 2025. Name Benefit Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Other than Change in Control Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change in Control Jeremy Allaire Cash severance $ 3,240,000 $ 4,320,000 Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards — $ 16,168,862 Health Benefits $ 23,748 $ 47,497 Total $ 3,263,748 $ 20,536,359 Jeremy Fox-Geen Cash Severance $ 925,000 $ 1,050,000 Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards — $ 9,908,132 Health Benefits $ 26,798 $ 40,198 Total $ 951,798 $ 10,998,330 Elisabeth Carpenter Cash Severance $ 1,050,000 $ 1,575,000 Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards — $ 7,133,583 Health Benefits $ 21,792 $ 32,688 Total $ 1,071,792 $ 8,741,271 Heath Tarbert Cash Severance $ 1,050,000 $ 1,300,000 Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards — $ 22,351,831 Health Benefits $ 21,792 $ 32,688 Total $ 1,071,792 $ 23,684,519 Nikhil Chandhok Cash Severance $ 750,000 $ 875,000 Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards — $ 38,464,659 Health Benefits $ 11,874 $ 23,748 Total $ 761,874 $ 39,363,408 Description of equity plans The 2013 Circle Internet Financial Limited Share Award Scheme The 2013 Circle Internet Financial Limited Share Award Scheme (the “2013 Scheme”) was adopted on August 22, 2013 and most recently amended on June 30, 2024 in connection with the Redomiciliation. The 2013 Scheme provides for the grant of awards, consisting of options, conditional share awards, and restricted share awards to employees, directors, and consultants of Circle or any of its subsidiaries. In connection with our Redomiciliation, Circle Internet Group, Inc. has agreed to assume and fulfill the obligations of Circle Internet Financial Limited with respect to awards outstanding under the 2013 Scheme as of immediately prior to the 189 Table of Contents Redomiciliation. Accordingly, upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of awards outstanding under the 2013 Scheme, Circle Internet Group, Inc. will issue to the awardholder one share of Class A common stock for each fully paid voting ordinary share of Circle Internet Financial Limited (a “Scheme Share”) underlying the exercised or settled award, except that awards held by Jeremy Allaire and P. Sean Neville will be exercisable for or settled in, as applicable, shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the Conversion. Following the Redomiciliation, no further grants of any awards were or will be made under the 2013 Scheme. The board of directors is responsible for the administration of the 2013 Scheme and may, from time to time, make or amend regulations for the administration of the 2013 Scheme as long as they are not inconsistent with the rules of the 2013 Scheme. The decision of the board of directors on all matters relating to the administration of the 2013 Scheme, including the resolution of any ambiguity of the rules in the 2013 Scheme, is final and binding. The board of directors may also terminate or, from time to time, suspend the grant of awards. The board of directors may also make, subject to certain restrictions, amendments to the rules of the 2013 Scheme or any subplans. Generally, an award is granted by the execution by Circle of an award certificate, which provides information regarding the award’s date of grant, the number of shares issued pursuant to the award, vesting schedule, exercisability (if applicable), whether an option is an “incentive stock option” under the Code or a nonqualified stock option, and transfer restrictions. In the case of options, the board of directors has absolute discretion to determine the exercise price; provided that such exercise price cannot be less than the nominal value of a Scheme Share. With the exception of an individual’s death or in the event of a corporate transaction, awards are not capable of being transferred, charged, or otherwise alienated. Any time an award holder purports to make one of these transfers, the award shall lapse immediately. The maximum number of Scheme Shares which may be the subject of awards under the 2013 Scheme may not exceed 65,313,680. Where an award has lapsed, been renounced, or otherwise becomes incapable of vesting, it shall not be counted towards the limit. If an award is granted that causes the maximum limit to be exceeded, then only the awards which do not cause the limit to be exceeded shall be effective. Subject to certain provisions of the 2013 Scheme, no award can be exercised after the tenth anniversary of the date of grant (the seventh anniversary for an Irish tax resident). With the exception of certain special circumstances, an award can only be exercised while the award holder is employed by Circle or any of its subsidiaries. Subject to certain provisions, a vested award may be exercised in whole or in part at any time after its date of grant. When there are certain corporate transactions related to Circle, such as a compulsory acquisition, a general offer, a reconstruction, a merger or division of Circle, the winding up of Circle, or the sale of Circle’s business or subsidiary, the board of directors has discretion (subject to certain requirements) to allow all awards (vested or unvested) to be exercised in whole or in part. In certain circumstances, if the board of directors exercises such discretion and the awards are not exercised, they will instead lapse. In certain corporate transactions, if Circle is acquired, all award holders may be required to release their awards in consideration of the grant of a new award. The board of directors also has discretion (subject to certain restrictions) to determine that certain of the awards shall vest (in whole or in part) conditionally and become exercisable on the date that Circle becomes listed on a stock exchange and any unvested awards will lapse. An option award can lapse when it has not been exercised after the tenth anniversary of the date of grant (the seventh anniversary for an Irish tax resident). An option award can also lapse when the award holder ceases to be a director, an employee, or a consultant with Circle or any of its subsidiaries. An option award will lapse 190 Table of Contents when an order is made by a court (or when a resolution is passed) for the compulsory winding up of Circle. Finally, an option award lapses when the award holder becomes bankrupt or enters into a compromise with their creditors, generally except as permitted under certain circumstances. Prior to the exercise of an option award, an award holder has no rights in respect of any Scheme Shares. In the event of a reorganization, vesting conditions may be adjusted by the board of directors, subject to an auditor’s confirmation that the adjustment is fair and reasonable and notice to the award holder. The board of directors generally has the authority to amend the 2013 Scheme; provided that such amendment may not be made for the benefit of existing or future award holders relating to who may be eligible to participate in the 2013 Scheme, the share reserve, and certain other matters, without prior approval by Circle in general meeting (or written approval of a majority of the voting power). No amendment or termination of the 2013 Scheme may adversely affect the rights of an existing award holder unless approved by such award holder. The 2013 Scheme includes addendums applicable for U.S. participants and for UK participants and, along with other provisions, provides for certain requirements relating to the grant of incentive stock options (for U.S. participants) and EMI options (for UK participants). The 2013 Scheme also includes addendums applicable for Bermuda, Singapore, and Canada. 2024 Circle Internet Group, Inc. Share Award Plan Effective upon the completion of the Redomiciliation on July 1, 2024, the board of directors of Circle Internet Group, Inc. adopted the Circle Internet Group, Inc. Share Award Plan (as amended, the “2024 Plan”), as the successor to the 2013 Scheme, to govern the grant of awards with respect to shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock on and after the Redomiciliation. In the case of awards held by Jeremy Allaire and P. Sean Neville, awards under the 2024 Plan will be exercisable for or settled in, as applicable, shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the Conversion, as contemplated by the amendment to the 2024 Plan approved by the board of directors of Circle Internet Group, Inc. in May 2025. The terms of the 2024 Plan are substantially the same as those described above under the 2013 Scheme, except that references to Scheme Shares were replaced with references to shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, of Circle Internet Group, Inc. (“Plan Shares”). In addition, the 2024 Plan is governed by Delaware, not Irish, law and therefore removes certain provisions which were applicable only under Irish law, including those relating to a compulsory acquisition or reconstruction of the Company under Irish law. As of the effectiveness of the Circle Internet Group, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (described under “—2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan” below), no further equity awards will be granted under the 2024 Plan. Awards that are outstanding under the 2024 Plan as of the effectiveness of the Omnibus Incentive Plan will remain outstanding under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the 2024 Plan. The maximum number of Plan Shares which may be the subject of awards under the 2024 Plan may not, in the aggregate, exceed (i) 73,313,680 less (ii) the number of Scheme Shares which were subject to awards outstanding under the 2013 Scheme as of immediately prior to the adoption of the 2024 Plan (which, as of such time, was 42,333,762). The board of directors may delegate some or all of its authority under the 2024 Plan, including the authority to grant awards (except that such authority will not apply to any award held by a person covered by Section 16 of the Exchange Act) as permitted under applicable law, including Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As of March 31, 2025, options to purchase 21,648,694 shares at a weighted average exercise price of $8.79 per share plus 25,329,947 RSUs were outstanding under the 2024 Plan and 4,355,629 shares remained available for future issuance under the 2024 Plan. 191 Table of Contents 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan The board of directors and our stockholders have approved the adoption of the Circle Internet Group, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, which will be effective as of the date of this prospectus. The following summary describes the material terms of the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Types of Awards . Awards under the Omnibus Incentive Plan include stock options (including options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code (“ISOs”) and nonqualified stock options (“NSOs”)), share appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, RSUs, performance awards, other cash-based awards and other share-based awards (together, the “Awards”). Plan Administration . The Omnibus Incentive Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee, unless another committee is designated by the board of directors. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Compensation Committee may delegate some or all of its authority under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, including the authority to grant Awards (other than to participants covered by Section 16 of the Exchange Act), to a subcommittee or subcommittees or to other persons or groups of persons as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable. Eligibility . Employees, prospective employees who have accepted an offer of employment, non-employee directors, consultants and any person who has accepted an offer of service or consultancy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are eligible to be selected to participate in the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Authorized Shares . Subject to adjustment as described below, the total number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan will not exceed 28,265,461 shares (the “Omnibus Plan Share Pool”). The maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise of ISOs under the Omnibus Incentive Plan will be equal to the Omnibus Plan Share Pool. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year of our Company following the effective date of the plan by a number equal to the lesser of (i) 5% of the aggregate number of shares of all classes of our common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; and (ii) the number of shares determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. In general, to the extent that any Awards or awards issued under the 2013 Scheme or the 2024 Plan are forfeited, cancelled, expire or otherwise lapses or are settled, in whole or in part, without the issuance of shares, those shares will again become available for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. In addition, shares withheld in respect of taxes relating to an award and shares tendered or withheld to pay the exercise or hurdle price of options or SARs will also become available for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Director Compensation Limit . No non-employee director who participates in the Omnibus Incentive Plan will receive compensation for services on the board of directors for any calendar year in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate, including cash payments and Awards (which will be calculated based on the grant date fair value for financial reporting purposes), but excluding any awards granted prior to this offering. Options . The Compensation Committee is permitted to grant both ISOs and NSOs under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than 100% of the fair market value (as defined in the Omnibus Incentive Plan) of a share of our Class A common stock on the grant date (other than in the case of Awards granted in assumption of, or in substitution for, an outstanding award previously granted by a company or other business acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines (“Substitute Awards”)). Each option will expire no later than the tenth anniversary of the date the option is granted. Share Appreciation Rights . The Compensation Committee is permitted to grant SARs under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The exercise or hurdle price of a SAR may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a 192 Table of Contents share of our Class A common stock on the grant date (other than in the case of Substitute Awards). Each SAR will expire no later than the tenth anniversary of the date the SAR is granted. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . The Compensation Committee is permitted to grant restricted stock awards and RSUs under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. A restricted stock award is an award of shares that is subject to restrictions on transfer and a substantial risk of forfeiture. An RSU is an award that is granted with respect to one share or has a value equal to the fair market value of one such share. RSUs may be paid in cash, shares, other Awards, other property or any combination thereof), as determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. Performance Awards . The Omnibus Incentive Plan permits the grant of performance-based stock and/or cash Awards. The Compensation Committee may structure Awards so that shares, cash, and/or other property will be issued or paid only following the achievement of certain pre-established performance goals during a designated performance period determined by the Compensation Committee. Other Cash-Based and Other Share-Based Awards . The Compensation Committee is permitted to grant other equity or equity-based Awards and cash-based Awards on such terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee will determine. For Awards in the nature of a purchase right, the purchase price therefore shall not be less than the fair market value of such shares on the date of grant of such right. Changes in Capitalization . If, as a result of a change affecting the Company or its securities, an adjustment is necessary in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee will equitably adjust any or all of (i) the number and type of shares (or other securities) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards under the Omnibus Incentive Plan (including the share limit and the ISO limit) and (ii) the terms of any outstanding Award, including the exercise price, the number or type of shares or other securities of the Company or other property subject to outstanding Awards and/or other terms and conditions of outstanding Awards, including the performance criteria of any performance awards. Effect of Termination of Service or a Change in Control . The Compensation Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any applicable Award agreement, or may determine in any individual case, an Award may be exercised, settled, vested, paid, repurchased or forfeited in the event of a participant’s termination of service prior to the vesting, exercise or settlement of such Award. Upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Omnibus Incentive Plan), the Compensation Committee may take any one or more of the following actions with respect to any outstanding Award (which need not be uniform across Awards or participants): (i) continuation or assumption of Awards by the successor or surviving entity or its parent, (ii) substitution or replacement of Awards by the successor or surviving entity or its parent with cash, securities, rights or other property with substantially the same terms and value as such Awards, (iii) acceleration of the vesting and the lapse of any restrictions either upon termination of service under certain circumstances prior to or following the change in control or upon the failure of the successor or surviving entity to continue to assume such Awards, (iv) in the case of a performance Award, the determination of the level of attainment of the applicable performance condition(s), and (v) cancellation of such Award in consideration of a payment in cash, securities or other property or, in certain circumstances, for no consideration. Clawback . Under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, Awards (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) will be subject to any clawback or recoupment arrangements or policies the Company has in place from time to time, and the Compensation Committee may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and stock exchange rules or by any applicable Company policy or arrangement, and will, to the extent required, cancel or require reimbursement of any Awards or any shares issued or cash received upon vesting, exercise or 193 Table of Contents settlement of any such Awards or sale of shares underlying such Awards, including any policies necessary to comply with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any rules promulgated thereunder and any other regulatory regimes. No Repricing Without Stockholder Approval . Except in connection with changes in capitalization (as described above) or with the approval of the Company’s stockholders, (i) the exercise or hurdle price of an outstanding option or SAR may not be reduced; (ii) an outstanding option or SAR may not be cancelled or substituted for an option or SAR with a lower exercise or hurdle price or for other Awards; or (iii) an option or SAR with an exercise price above the current share price may not be cancelled in exchange for cash or other securities. Minimum Vesting Requirements. Awards granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan will not vest over a period of less than one year from the date on which the award is granted other than Awards that the Committee may grant, up to a maximum of 5% of the available share reserve authorized for issuance under the Omnibus Plan, subject to adjustments. In addition, the Committee may authorize acceleration of vesting of such awards in the event of a participant’s death or disability or upon the occurrence of a “change in control” as provided above. Amendment . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and unless otherwise expressly provided in an Award agreement or in the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the board of directors may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Omnibus Incentive Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided that no such amendment, alternation, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without (i) stockholder approval if such approval is required by applicable law or the rules of the stock market or exchange on which the shares are principally quoted or trade, or (ii) subject to limitations, the consent of the affected participant of the Omnibus Incentive Plan if such action would materially adversely affect the rights of such participant under any outstanding Award. Term . The Omnibus Incentive Plan will become effective on the date on which the registration statement covering this offering is declared effective by the SEC. No Award may be granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan after the earliest of (i) the tenth anniversary of the effective date, (ii) the maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan have been issued, or (iii) the board of directors terminates the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Previously granted Awards are permitted to extend beyond the termination date of the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The board of directors and our stockholders have approved the adoption of the Circle Internet Group, Inc. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”), which will be effective as of the date of this prospectus. The following summary describes the material terms of the ESPP. The ESPP will provide our employees and employees of participating subsidiaries with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in our company through the purchase of shares of our Class A common stock. The ESPP has two components – one which is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Code and one which is not intended to so qualify. Administration. Our ESPP will be administered by the Compensation Committee, which will have the authority to take any actions necessary or desirable for the administration of the ESPP, including adopting sub-plans applicable to particular participating subsidiaries or locations, which sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Section 423 of the Code, or special rules applicable to participants in particular participating subsidiaries or particular locations. The Compensation Committee may change the minimum amounts of compensation (as defined in the ESPP) for payroll deductions, the frequency with which a participant may elect to change his or her rate of payroll deductions, the dates by which a participant is 194 Table of Contents required to submit an enrollment form and the effective date of a participant’s withdrawal from the ESPP due to a termination or transfer of employment or change in employment status. Shares Reserved. Subject to adjustment as described below, the total number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP will not exceed 5,653,090 shares (the “ESPP Share Pool”). The number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP will be increased automatically on the first day of each of fiscal year of our Company following the effective date of the plan by a number equal to the lesser of (i) 1% of the aggregate number of shares of all classes of our common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; and (ii) the number of shares determined by the board of directors in its discretion; provided that the maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under the ESPP in any event will be 56,530,900 shares (subject to adjustment as described below). Eligibility. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee in a manner that is consistent with Section 423 of the Code, any employee of the Company or a participating subsidiary who is (i) not a highly compensated employee and (ii) customarily employed for at least 20 hours per week and more than five months in any calendar year, is eligible to participate in an offering period. An eligible employee will not be granted an option if such grant would result in the employee owning 5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of our and our subsidiaries’ stock or if such grant would permit the employee to purchase our and our subsidiaries’ stock at a rate that exceeds $25,000 of the fair market value of the stock for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time. Offering Periods. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, each offering period under the ESPP will have a duration of six months commencing on March 5 or September 5 and ending on September 4 or March 4 (subject to a maximum offering period of 27 months). The initial offering period under the ESPP will commence on a date to be specified by the Compensation Committee following the completion of this offering. Participation. Participation in the ESPP is voluntary. Eligible employees may elect to participate in the ESPP by completing an enrollment form and submitting it at least ten business days prior to the beginning of an offering period, in accordance with the enrollment procedures established by the Compensation Committee, upon which the employee authorizes payroll deductions from his or her paycheck on each payroll date during the offering period in an amount equal to at least 1% and at most 15% of such participant’s eligible compensation. Participants may decrease (but not increase) their rate of payroll deductions during an offering period by submitting a new enrollment form which will take effect not more than 30 business days later. Participants may decrease or increase their rate of payroll deductions for future offering periods by submitting a new enrollment form at least 10 business days before the start of the next offering period. The deduction rate selected for an offering period will remain in effect for subsequent offering periods unless the participant (i) submits a new enrollment form authorizing a new rate of payroll deductions, (ii) withdraws from the ESPP, or (iii) terminates employment or otherwise becomes ineligible to participate in the ESPP. Grant and Exercise of Options. Each participant will be granted, on the first trading day of each offering period (“grant date”), an option to purchase, on the last trading day of the offering period (“purchase date”), a number of shares of our Class A common stock determined by dividing the participant’s accumulated payroll deductions by the applicable purchase price. The purchase price for the option will equal the lesser of (i) 85% of the fair market value of a share on the grant date or (ii) 85% of the fair market value of a share on the purchase date. A participant’s option will be exercised automatically on the purchase date to purchase the maximum number of shares, including fractional shares, of our Class A common stock that can be purchased with the amounts in the participant’s notional account. The maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be purchased by a participant during a single offering period may not exceed 2,500 shares, subject to adjustment (the “Offering Period Limit”). 195 Table of Contents Withdrawal. Participants may withdraw from an offering by submitting a revised enrollment form indicating his or her election to withdraw at least 15 days before the purchase date. The accumulated payroll deductions held on behalf of the participant in his or her notional account will be paid to the participant as soon as administratively feasible following such withdrawal, and the participant’s option will be automatically terminated. A participant’s election to withdraw from an offering period will not have any effect on his or her eligibility to participate in succeeding offering periods. Termination of Employment; Change in Employment Status; Transfer of Employment. On termination of a participant’s employment for any reason, or a change in the participant’s employment status following which the participant is no longer an eligible employee, the participant will be deemed to have withdrawn from the ESPP effective as of the date of such termination of employment or change in status, the accumulated payroll deductions remaining in the participant’s notional account will be returned to the participant, and the participant’s option will be automatically terminated. Oversubscribed Offerings. If the Compensation Committee determines that, on a particular purchase date, the number of shares with respect to which options are to be exercised either exceeds the number of shares available under the ESPP or the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be purchased in an offering (to the extent such a limit is imposed by the Compensation Committee), the shares will be allocated pro rata in a uniform manner as practicable and as the Compensation Committee deems equitable. Changes in Capitalization . In the event of any dividend or other distribution, recapitalization, stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of shares or other securities of our company or other change in our company’s structure affecting our Class A common stock, then in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits i... [truncated]