# Management's Discussion

> Source: d737521d424b4.htm
> Report Date: 2025-06-05
> Filing Type: 424B4

---

Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—Non-GAAP financial measures” for reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. As the Circle stablecoin network grows and as more applications and activity take place on the Circle stablecoin network, the amount of Circle stablecoins in circulation will continue to grow. In addition to as described in “Business—Our platform, products, and ecosystem,” we may seek to monetize the activity on our network with products that earn fee-based revenues based on transactions and usage in the future, and we intend to evaluate and consider various products from 13 Table of Contents time to time, considering such factors as complexity and development costs, market opportunity, anticipated revenues, and the competitive landscape. For example, to capitalize on the growing trend of using yield-bearing digital assets as collateral in margin trading, we issue a TMMF, USYC, following our acquisition of Hashnote. See “Business—Our platform, products, and ecosystem—Circle Tokenized Funds” for more information on the Hashnote acquisition. We believe the market opportunity in the internet financial system is vast and that, although we face a variety of risks (see “Risk factors” for a discussion of the material risks faced by our business), we are the best positioned firm to drive, capture, and monetize it. Stablecoin overview Stablecoins can facilitate the store and transfer of value in the new internet financial system and drive the advancement and adoption of the new internet financial system. While there have been many experiments in the development of different stablecoin models, we have always been focused on building and operating “payment stablecoins.” These stablecoins are designed to be efficient forms of payment and are fully backed by reserves consisting of highly liquid, price-stable cash and cash equivalents. By providing Circle Mint customers the ability to redeem their stablecoins on demand on a one-for-one basis for the underlying fiat currency, Circle stablecoins are designed to provide a safe and sound foundation as a form of digital currency, as well as a bridge between blockchain and traditional finance. Trends driving adoption of stablecoins and the internet financial system In addition to the core efficiency and innovation benefits outlined above, a number of other trends have emerged that are helping to drive the adoption of stablecoins and the internet financial system, including technology improvements, operational improvements for using and securing digital assets, growth in artificial intelligence (“AI”) agents and applications, regulatory support and legal clarity, and identity and compliance standards, each of which is further described in “Business—Stablecoin overview—Trends driving adoption of stablecoins and the internet financial system.” Our role in driving stablecoin adoption We have built one of the largest and most widely used stablecoin networks. At the foundation of the Circle stablecoin network are our payment stablecoins, USDC—which, according to CoinMarketCap, is the second largest stablecoin as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation with a 29% share of the stablecoin market as of March 31, 2025—and EURC—which, according to CoinGecko, is the largest euro-denominated stablecoin as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation as of March 31, 2025. USDC and EURC are liquid, stable, and digitally native forms of U.S. dollars and euros, respectively, built on an open protocol and a regulatorily compliant platform. Each maintains 24/7, borderless, and near-instant value transfer capabilities. USDC and EURC are redeemable on a one-for-one basis for U.S. dollars and euros, respectively, directly from us by Circle Mint customers (see “—Our platform, products, and ecosystem—Circle Liquidity Services—Circle Mint” for information about Circle Mint, which is a service offering that is available only to institutions) as well as by end-users that are not Circle Mint customers in our role as the redeemer of last resort (see “Glossary—The issuers of Circle stablecoins”). In addition, all end-users can sell or exchange USDC and EURC in the secondary market. USDC and EURC and the overall Circle stablecoin network are further discussed under “—Our platform, products, and ecosystem.” We issue the world’s largest regulated payment stablecoin—by which we mean a payment stablecoin that is regulated as a stored-value instrument under FinCEN money services businesses regulation and state money 14 Table of Contents transmission laws in the United States and as an electronic money token in Europe (see “Business—Regulatory policy landscape” for the principal regulations to which we are subject)—as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation. As a result, we play a highly active role in driving stablecoin adoption. Key initiatives that we have taken to advance stablecoin adoption include: • Technology innovation. We invest considerable product and engineering effort in advancing the state-of-the-art in technologies to scale and simplify the use of stablecoins in everyday financial and commercial applications. Our blockchain infrastructure product pillar is focused on ensuring that end-users can safely move USDC and EURC across many blockchain networks, while abstracting away many of the complexities associated with making a payment or interacting with a blockchain-based financial application. At the same time, through our Developer Services product pillar, we are enabling software developers to easily integrate stablecoins into their own apps, and safely deploy applications that interact with blockchain networks and smart contracts. • Comprehensive access and distribution. We prioritize making stablecoins as accessible and widely distributed as possible, integrating Circle stablecoins into new blockchains, providing primary liquidity through a network of banks, and partnering with distributors such as digital asset capital markets participants, wallet providers, and other large enterprises building products for their customers and ecosystems. Easy access to stablecoins is key to increasing usage, which in turn promotes the utility and adoption of stablecoins. • Market education and thought leadership. We invest considerable resources in providing thought leadership and market education about the potential of the internet financial system, and the role that stablecoins can play in improving the delivery of financial services and digital commerce. • Supporting the development of sound regulatory policy. Since our founding, we have sought to engage constructively with policymakers and regulators worldwide, and today invest considerable resources in engaging with these communities as new and robust regulations and laws are put in place for the digital assets ecosystem. • Promoting open standards. We are committed to driving stablecoin adoption through the promotion of open standards to improve interoperability and compliance for stablecoin applications. This includes new non-profit open-source foundations we are forming to promote standards in digital identity, global standards for implementing compliance with the global Travel Rule (which is a key anti-money laundering (“AML”)/countering the financing of terrorism (“CFT”) rule to prevent illicit activity with virtual assets), and new open-source standards aimed at promoting the use of stablecoins within blockchain-based credit and lending applications. Market opportunity We view the market opportunity of the Circle stablecoin network as encompassing the entire global monetary supply. This opportunity is expected to grow considerably as developing nations increasingly participate in the globally interconnected financial marketplace. Further, by removing layers of friction inherent in the current financial services ecosystem, we believe the internet financial system has the potential to grow the speed and efficiency at which money is used and transacted at an exponential rate, just as the internet facilitated the explosive growth of the exchange of global information and data. In the United States, the velocity of M2 money stock was 1.38 for the first quarter of 2025, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. We believe an internet-native U.S. dollar can increase the velocity of M2 money stock, resulting in a corresponding increase in total value of transactions and gross domestic product (“GDP”). 15 Table of Contents Our platform, products, and ecosystem We operate one of the largest and most widely used stablecoin networks in the world. Anchored around USDC, our U.S. dollar-denominated payment stablecoin, our suite of stablecoins and related products together provide a network utility and application platform for a wide range of organizations to benefit from stablecoins and the new internet financial system. Through our partners and the broader ecosystem that supports and integrates into the Circle stablecoin network, we touch more than 600 million users around the world as of March 31, 2025. While we do not provide direct services to individuals (other than by redeeming USDC and EURC in our role as the redeemer of last resort), the Circle stablecoin network is one of the most widely used on the internet—as of March 31, 2025, USDC has been used for more than $25 trillion in onchain transactions, with $5.9 trillion in onchain transactions occurring in the first quarter of 2025 alone, representing an approximate 500% increase from the first quarter of 2024. The Circle stablecoin network has four unique pillars. Circle Stablecoins At the foundation of the Circle stablecoin network are the USDC and EURC payment stablecoins. USDC and EURC are digital currency tokens issued natively on blockchain networks and backed by reserves consisting of highly liquid, price-stable cash and cash equivalents. USDC and EURC are redeemable on a one-for-one basis for U.S. dollars and euros, respectively, directly from us by Circle Mint customers (see “—Our platform, products, and ecosystem—Circle Liquidity Services—Circle Mint” for information about Circle Mint, which is a service offering that is available only to institutions) as well as by end-users that are not Circle Mint customers in our role as the redeemer of last resort (see “Glossary—The issuers of Circle stablecoins”). In addition, all end-users can sell or exchange USDC and EURC in the secondary market. USDC and EURC enable end-users to store value in a digital form and to transact over blockchain networks, allowing for near-instant settlement, at a very low cost, with the reach of the internet. USDC and EURC are regulated as stored-value instruments under FinCEN money services businesses regulation and state money transmission laws in the United States and as electronic money tokens in Europe. We believe Circle stablecoins have consistently set a standard for transparency, liquidity, and technological innovation. They are exclusively issued by Circle and are directly obtainable through Circle Mint, which is available only to institutions (see “—Our platform, products, and ecosystem—Circle Liquidity Services—Circle Mint” for information about Circle Mint). Circle stablecoins are also distributed and made widely available through hundreds of different retail and institutional products around the world. They can also be stored in digital asset wallets without necessarily having an account directly with us. See “—The Circle stablecoin ecosystem” for more details. Circle Tokenized Funds Circle Tokenized Funds are regulated yield-bearing investments for collateral use in capital markets. We believe that certain major trading firms have moved, and will increasingly move away from, using stablecoins as collateral in favor of TMMFs. However, other TMMF issuers may be limited in their ability to provide significant instantaneous redeemability for equivalent underlying assets. We believe that the ability of a well-regulated stablecoin such as USDC to provide near-instantaneous redemption can offer a substantial advantage for this emerging trend of using TMMFs as collateral for margin trading on various digital asset trading platforms, maximizing capital efficiency in the flows between settlement assets and collateral and at the same time, reducing counterparty execution risk. Moreover, TMMF issuers typically operate on a single blockchain or have 16 Table of Contents limited interoperability across different blockchain platforms. By integrating TMMFs with Circle’s existing infrastructure, we expect to enhance interoperability and enable investors to quickly transition between TMMFs and stablecoins, allowing traders to hold their assets in TMMFs while accruing yield and then be able to instantaneously convert into Circle stablecoins, which can then be used to purchase other digital assets on third party platforms. To serve this objective, on January 21, 2025, we acquired Hashnote Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its subsidiaries, “Hashnote”) and its TMMF, USYC, which is a tokenized product offered in reliance upon an exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. USYC serves as an onchain representation of the shares in Hashnote International Short Duration Yield Fund Ltd. (“SDYF”) and is intended primarily for use as collateral on digital asset trading platforms. Unlike payment stablecoins that offer no yield, TMMFs like USYC offer yield to the token holders that is generated from its invested assets consisting primarily of reverse repurchase agreements on U.S. government and government-backed securities and short-term U.S. Treasury securities. According to RWA.xyz, USYC is one of the largest onchain TMMFs in terms of assets under management, with approximately $663.7 million in assets under management as of March 31, 2025. We believe that leveraging Hashnote’s existing traction and momentum will enable us to enter the rapidly emerging TMMF space with a well-established tokenized stable yield product, enhancing our leading position within the overall digital asset capital markets. On February 13, 2025, we received approval to issue USYC and offer Circle Mint accounts out of Bermuda under our existing Digital Assets Business Act (“DABA”) License granted by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (“BMA”). We plan to integrate USYC into the Circle stablecoin network, offering eligible customers the ability to move between the non-yield bearing Circle payment stablecoins and USYC at the settlement speed of the blockchain. Circle Liquidity Services Circle Liquidity Services provide institutional minting, reserving, redemption, and foreign exchange services for Circle stablecoins. Circle Mint Circle Mint is our service offering that provides institutional customers USDC- and EURC-related services, such as minting USDC and EURC, redeeming USDC and EURC for the U.S. dollar and euro, respectively, directly from us, and sending and receiving USDC and EURC to and/or from Circle Mint accounts. Circle Mint supports international wires and domestic bank transfers in more than 185 countries. Circle Mint provides customers with a powerful user interface, advanced security, and workflow and API capabilities. As of March 31, 2025, there were 1,834 Circle Mint customers with accounts. Circle Mint is currently available only to institutions, such as exchanges, institutional traders, wallet providers, banks, and consumer apps companies. Circle Mint is not available to individuals; as such, no individuals are Circle Mint customers. To open a Circle Mint account, a potential customer must submit an application in which such potential customer provides us with compliance information and supporting documentation including, but not limited to, the legal entity, its operations, beneficial owners, and the intended use of the account. Potential Circle Mint customers must pass our screening processes, including, but not limited to, ID verification, KYC checks, sanctions screening, and suitability checks (for which we consider factors such as the type of business the potential customer engages in and the potential customer’s anticipated minting volume). Circle Mint customers are able to mint Circle stablecoins and redeem Circle stablecoins directly from us. Upon receipt of fiat funds from a Circle Mint customer’s bank account, we mint USDC or EURC, as applicable, and deposit such stablecoins to the Circle Mint customer’s account. Similarly, 17 Table of Contents upon receipt of a redemption request from the Circle Mint customer with respect to USDC or EURC in such customer’s account, we remove such stablecoins from the Circle Mint customer’s account and transfer fiat funds to the customer’s bank account. The Circle Mint customer may choose between standard redemption (which is initiated nearly instantly) and basic redemption (which is initiated within two business days). Currently, we do not charge fees to the Circle Mint customer for minting stablecoins (assuming the fiat funds are in the appropriate currency) or for redeeming stablecoins under the basic redemption option. We also offer Circle Mint customers the standard redemption option, under which we charge a 0.03% fee for amounts between $2 million or € 2 million to $5 million or € 5 million, a 0.06% fee for amounts between $5 million or € 5 million to $15 million or € 15 million, and a 0.1% fee for amounts exceeding $15 million or € 15 million, in each case for USDC and EURC, respectively, although we may waive such standard redemption fees for select Circle Mint customers. Circle Developer Services To foster and grow the Circle stablecoin network, we aim to help developers and enterprises easily build, deploy, and operate end-user applications on blockchain networks through enterprise-grade smart contracts, APIs, and software development kits. Onchain apps are a major new class of applications spanning consumer, e-commerce, gaming, social, finance, and payments use cases. However, building and deploying these applications is complex. For developers, crafting simple user experiences that are familiar to and consistent with existing mobile and Web applications requires deep familiarity with cryptography and blockchain network integration, and can pose undue security risks for end-users. Companies deploying these applications also require specialized knowledge for deploying and operating smart contracts and blockchain software nodes, also introducing significant security and operational risks. To address these issues, and to help grow the number of onchain apps in the world, we offer a comprehensive suite of products under the Circle Developer Services banner. These products include: • Circle Wallets . Circle Wallets is our programmable wallet solution designed for developers to seamlessly provide Web3-enabled wallets to their end users, enabling them to securely store and transact with digital assets. The most important onchain building block for enabling an internet application is the integration of digital wallet technology into applications. As part of our managed wallet services offering, developers can rapidly integrate onchain wallet technology into their end-user applications across mobile apps and the Web. Circle Wallets enable end-user controlled wallets, as well as developer-controlled wallets, and support digital assets and tokens across multiple blockchain networks. Importantly, Circle Wallets remove much of the friction typically associated with using an onchain app. Functionality like remembering seed phrases or complex user experience for signing transactions with private keys are replaced with familiar patterns such as PIN codes, biometric authentication, and linking to existing user identities using logins with Google or Apple. USDC support plays a central role in Circle Wallets, enabling end-users to easily make and receive USDC payments, thereby removing the complexity of which blockchain network or protocol is being used, as well as removing the need for end-users to understand or make gas fee payments. Since the beta launch of Circle Wallets, more than 12,000 developers have engaged with the product, deploying 19 million wallets onchain. For example, Grab Networks, a leading superapp in Southeast Asia, has 18 Table of Contents implemented Circle’s solutions to power its new onchain wallet, beginning with non-fungible token (“NFT”)-based stored value vouchers that can be used in real-world commerce. To streamline both developer and end-user experiences of onchain apps, we also offer Circle Gas Station, a feature within Circle Wallets, which enables application developers to remove the need for end-users to pay gas fees for using blockchain applications. This allows end-users to simply interact with apps (i.e., make and receive stablecoin payments) without ever knowing they are using a blockchain or what a gas fee even represents. Circle Gas Station allows developers to set policies for fees and limits, and if fees need to be paid by end-users, it allows those fees to be paid entirely in USDC, removing friction typically associated with using blockchain applications. Behind the scenes, we automatically handle the integration with blockchain networks and the underlying gas fee infrastructure on behalf of developers. Circle Developer Services provide a powerful suite of products for building consumer-scale applications on blockchains. These applications are optimized for using USDC and the Circle stablecoin network. They help to bring more end-users onto our network, while unlocking new opportunities for developers and enterprises around the world. For each of these services, we monetize the usage of the infrastructure, including fees based on the number of active wallets, the number of API calls into Circle Contracts, and the amount of fees paid using Circle Gas Station. Together, these new fees represent an important potential long-term source of revenue for us. • Circle Contracts . A fundamental part of the innovation of blockchain networks and onchain technology is the ability to write and deploy code that automates interactions with digital assets, including stablecoins, using smart contracts. Smart contracts open up the programmability of money, introducing innovations in how commercial and financial contracts can be used online, and extending into many new use cases for using digital tokens in consumer and enterprise applications. Writing smart contracts is a new and complex form of computer programming, and one that introduces profound new security and operational risks—code that handles the storage and transfer of digital value is a frequent target for hackers and other illicit actors. Additionally, writing smart contracts that can work across different blockchain networks introduces yet more complexity. Finally, safely deploying and managing smart contracts on blockchain networks introduces production and operation hurdles that are largely unfamiliar to existing IT and information security professionals. To address these issues, we introduced our smart contract platform (“Circle Contracts”), which empowers developers to integrate and build with smart contracts without needing to learn a new coding language, and by reusing existing smart contract templates for the most common tasks and application types. Circle Contracts also streamlines the deployment, monitoring, and administration of smart contracts across multiple different blockchain networks. When combined with Circle Wallets, Circle Contracts unlocks the creativity of developers to safely build highly sophisticated applications, while also giving them access to libraries of out-of-the-box smart contract templates that are common to payment applications using USDC, as well as other popular features such as issuing and managing NFTs. Combined, these offerings also enable financial services firms to more easily build “tokenization” applications for existing financial assets, and integrate those into their existing online products. • Circle Paymaster . A frequent challenge that developers and end-users face when interacting with onchain apps is paying for gas fees—transaction costs essential for blockchain networks. Traditionally, users must 19 Table of Contents acquire and hold blockchain-specific native tokens, such as ETH or SOL, to pay these fees, creating friction and complexity. Users often find themselves handling multiple assets, which can lead to operational hurdles and diminished user experiences. To address these challenges, we introduced Paymaster, an onchain smart contract that allows developers and end-users to pay these fees in USDC instead of the blockchain’s native tokens. Paymaster can be integrated by developers without requiring special permissions, making the technology broadly accessible and significantly enhancing interoperability within the blockchain ecosystem. By facilitating effortless use of USDC for gas payments across various blockchains, Paymaster advances Circle’s broader mission to foster global economic prosperity through frictionless value exchange. Paymaster simplifies the user experience by eliminating the need for users to maintain balances of multiple volatile native tokens. We pre-fund Paymaster smart contracts with the blockchain’s native tokens, automatically covering gas fees when end-users execute blockchain transactions through developer applications. Concurrently, the Paymaster smart contract receives reimbursement in USDC from developers or end-users. To maintain liquidity, Paymaster periodically and automatically rebalances its token reserves, converting accrued USDC back into native tokens. Paymaster has launched on Arbitrum, Base, Ethereum, OP Mainnet, and Polygon PoS, with more blockchains expected in the future. The service aligns closely with Circle’s existing blockchain infrastructure solutions, such as CCTP and Circle Gas Station. • Circle CCTP . As blockchain applications grow and blockchain networks compete for developers and end-users, it has become important for end-users to be able to easily and safely transfer stablecoins across different blockchain networks. For most end-users, the process of making a transfer across blockchain networks is cumbersome, expensive, slow, and introduces significant security and financial integrity risks. Blockchains have generally not been interoperable with each other, contributing to difficulties bridging from one chain to another. The only way for most end-users to move value across blockchains has been to use a “wrapped token,” or a tokenized representation of a particular digital asset that enables it to be operable on another blockchain. Such protocols introduce undue risk and hacking opportunities into a process that should otherwise be simple and hassle-free. To address these issues, we launched CCTP. With CCTP, end-users can safely and cost-efficiently transfer USDC from one supported blockchain to another. CCTP is a crucial building block for application developers and ensures that digital dollars can be used interoperably no matter what blockchain an application or end-user is interacting with. In March 2025, we launched CCTP V2, a fast version of CCTP that monetizes and accrues revenue on each transaction. CCTP V2 is currently available on Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Ethereum, Linea, and Sonic, with more blockchains expected to be announced throughout 2025. CCTP works by first redeeming USDC on the source chain and then issuing USDC on the destination chain, relying on a cryptographic attestation, or receipt, to prove that the USDC has been properly redeemed before the corresponding USDC can be reissued on another blockchain. From its launch in April 2023 to March 31, 2025, CCTP has handled approximately $41.0 billion in transfers, with $16.3 billion of transfers occurring in the first quarter of 2025 alone, representing a 321% increase from the first quarter of 2024. CCTP is available as a public protocol through a series of smart contracts that work alongside the core USDC stablecoin protocol. While nascent, we view CCTP as an important capability and a unique differentiator that will act as a key driver of our future growth. 20 Table of Contents Together, this suite enables existing Web2 developers, internet-enabled businesses, and financial institutions to more easily offer Web3 capabilities, including using USDC as a means of payment and settlement within consumer internet, e-commerce, and finance applications. We believe several of these fee models have the potential to generate high gross margins and scale revenue therefrom rapidly with network usage. The Circle stablecoin network is built on blockchain infrastructure We build, maintain, and deploy a family of smart contracts that provide the core functionality of the Circle stablecoin network. These smart contracts provide a protocol for applications to easily store and transfer Circle stablecoins. Our stablecoin smart contracts are all available as open-source software, both through public open-source libraries, and as visible source code deployed on blockchain networks. While USDC was initially only natively supported for the Ethereum blockchain (one of the most widely adopted blockchain-based applications), today USDC is natively supported for 20 blockchains, with more expected in the future. Today, there is intense competition in the industry to deliver blockchains that are attractive to application developers and end-users, with different projects competing for improved security, efficiency, privacy, and other advanced features. In order to ensure that USDC is as widely available as possible and can be used by application developers, we continue to bring our stablecoin smart contracts and protocols to more blockchain ecosystems. Once available as a protocol on a blockchain network, USDC can then be used by developers to provide dollar storage and settlement features in the digital asset space. These public blockchain networks provide a foundation for issuing digital assets, managing data, processing transactions, and performing computation. Just as large internet companies depend on many underlying open internet protocols and networks, so too do we depend on multiple open protocols and networks—in this case, networks built using advanced cryptography to maintain tamper-resistant data, transactions, and computing resources, all crucial building blocks for building financial and commercial applications. Across the Circle stablecoin network, we aim to enable simpler, safer, and easier to use applications. Because our stablecoin infrastructure exists entirely as public protocols and public infrastructure itself, it can be used by all users of the internet and does not require a user to interact with us directly. The more broadly this infrastructure is used and supported, the greater the quality and reach of the Circle stablecoin network. To this end, we build, deliver, and operate a range of blockchain-specific software infrastructure. This blockchain infrastructure is intended to abstract away certain complexities associated with using blockchain networks, and to simplify the usage of Circle stablecoins, all while increasing convenience and safety. Said differently, this infrastructure is important to enhancing the utility of Circle stablecoins on the internet, and therefore we work within the broader developer and blockchain ecosystem to adopt this technology rather than directly offering these as commercial products. Our blockchain infrastructure includes open-source software, deployed smart contract protocols, and related network services that help make using Circle stablecoins safe, efficient, and reliable. The Circle stablecoin ecosystem We are a platform, network, and market infrastructure for stablecoin and blockchain applications. Today, USDC and the Circle stablecoin network play a crucial role in the emerging internet financial system. By offering Circle stablecoins on open blockchain networks and protocols, we have been able to build and become part of a broad global ecosystem of companies, products, and technologies that make up the new internet financial system. 21 Table of Contents The value of the Circle stablecoin network grows as more companies and services connect into our network and infrastructure, growing the reach and utility of our network. To understand the scale and scope of our value, it is important to also understand the broader Circle stablecoin ecosystem. Altogether, thousands of companies are part of the Circle stablecoin ecosystem, providing products and technologies that integrate with the Circle stablecoin network in various ways. • Wallets and consumer apps. A primary way that end-users interact with USDC and the Circle stablecoin network is through consumer applications and digital wallets. Collectively, these consumer applications reach hundreds of millions of end-users, and provide a primary means to hold and use USDC. Examples include products from Coinbase, Robinhood, MetaMask, Mercado Libre, Nubank, Coins.ph, and GCash. • Digital Asset Exchanges . Digital asset trading markets are experiencing significant growth, and USDC’s share in these markets is increasing. Hundreds of digital asset exchanges around the world support the trading and exchange of USDC for other digital assets and fiat currencies. For example, as of June 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025, 1%, 3%, and 9% of monthly spot trading volume in digital assets on major centralized exchanges was denominated in USDC, respectively, and USDC represented 5%, 10%, and 18% of stablecoins held on Binance’s platform as of July 1, 2024, January 1, 2025, and April 1, 2025, respectively. USDC is one of the most actively traded digital assets in the world, and through these exchanges—which range from large global exchanges such as Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, and OKX, to major regional and national exchanges—USDC is made available to hundreds of millions of retail and institutional end-users. • Traditional Exchanges. While nascent, Circle is exploring use cases for USDC in traditional exchange venues and clearing houses. In February 2025, we entered into a memorandum of understanding with ICE, where we agreed to explore (i) collaborating on certain market activities to promote Circle stablecoins, USYC, and related products within ICE’s trading, clearing, and data ecosystem, (ii) integrating Circle stablecoins and USYC as collateral, settlement, and co-branded exchange traded products across ICE’s capital and derivative markets, and (iii) developing co-branded trading and investment products. • Custodians. Most major corporate and institutional end-users of stablecoins seek to store and custody their USDC with sophisticated digital asset custody providers, many of whom are regulated as digital asset custody firms under various state and national regulatory and supervisory arrangements around the world. Leading digital asset custodians including Anchorage Digital, BitGo, Coinbase, Fireblocks, and Copper provide robust support for USDC and the Circle stablecoin network infrastructure. • Blockchain networks. Core blockchain network infrastructure is crucial for operating the Circle stablecoin network, and through native support for 20 blockchains, we enable developers and customers to integrate and use USDC within a wide array of wallets and products that are built on these blockchain networks. Blockchains with native support for USDC include Algorand, Aptos, Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Celo, Ethereum, Hedera, Linea, NEAR, Noble, OP Mainnet, Polkadot, Polygon PoS, Solana, Sonic, Stellar, Sui, Unichain, and ZKsync, with more expected in the future. • Blockchain protocols. Most blockchain networks support developing and deploying smart contracts that can act as onchain protocols. These protocols can offer a wide array of building blocks for financial and commercial applications, such as exchange, lending, invoice payments, micro-payments, treasury management, and more. Leading protocols that support USDC and the Circle stablecoin network include projects such as the Uniswap Protocol, Aave, OpenSea, and Safe. 22 Table of Contents • Banks and neo-banks. Banks and neo-banks play an increasingly important role in the Circle stablecoin ecosystem, providing settlement and reserve infrastructure for Circle stablecoins. They are also important end-users of our stablecoin infrastructure. We are seeing growth in startup banks and neo-banks in many emerging markets focused on providing digital dollar payment and settlement services using USDC and the Circle stablecoin network. • Payments companies. Increasingly, leading payments companies are integrating the Circle stablecoin network into their offerings as a means of settlement (directly or indirectly) for their customers. As the global digital assets ecosystem grows, these companies are building products that are “future proof” and enabled for increasing integration with the financial system. This includes payment processors, credit card networks, and money remittance services. We are working with leading payments companies like Visa, Mastercard, Stripe, Worldpay, and MoneyGram to facilitate stablecoin settlement on the Circle stablecoin network. • Market makers and liquidity providers. Stablecoins such as USDC are made widely available through hundreds of retail and institutional platforms around the world. As a wholesale market infrastructure, we do not directly provide stablecoin liquidity to all of these venues and distribution channels; instead, we depend upon a global network of market makers and over-the-counter liquidity providers to supply USDC. These institutional trading firms play an important role in ensuring that USDC is widely accessible, including in dozens of international markets where they facilitate trading using local currencies and banking infrastructure. Leading global market makers and liquidity providers include Cumberland, Galaxy Digital, Wintermute Trading, and B2C2. For example, in December 2024, we entered into an agreement with Cumberland to expand liquidity and settlement capabilities in USYC and USDC over the course of a three-year term. We are continually exploring opportunities to expand our product offerings to complement and increase the usage and utility of Circle stablecoins and the Circle stablecoin ecosystem. Circle Payments Network On May 21, 2025, we launched a new product initiative, Circle Payments Network (“CPN”), a new technology service that will connect eligible financial institutions (including banks, neo-banks, payment service providers, virtual asset service providers, and digital wallets) to facilitate real-time settlement of payments, starting with cross-border payments, using regulated stablecoins such as USDC and EURC. CPN is governed by a robust framework that requires participants to meet strict eligibility standards, including licensing, AML/CFT compliance, financial risk management, and cybersecurity protocols. In collaboration with our 29 design partners at launch, CPN is designed to support a broad spectrum of money movement use cases for businesses, financial institutions, and individuals—including supplier payments, remittances, payroll, capital markets settlement, internal treasury operations, and onchain financial applications. Powered by smart contract infrastructure and modular APIs, CPN will enable third-party developers to build advanced modules, app services, and automated financial workflows directly on top of CPN. To support the development of CPN, leading global financial institutions are contributing their expertise in global payments to assist us in designing CPN to ensure that it meets the needs of leading banks and financial institutions worldwide. Circle Reserve Management Sound reserve management (ensuring liquidity and preservation of reserve assets) is central to our operations. The Circle stablecoin network benefits from the strength, operating resiliency, and risk management capabilities of the leading financial institutions that are part of our reserve management infrastructure. We 23 Table of Contents hold reserves in a manner designed to ensure liquidity and preservation of reserve assets. See “Business—Reserve management standard” for information regarding our standards for managing Circle stablecoin reserves. In compliance with applicable laws and regulatory guidance, we (i) limit Circle stablecoin reserves to highly liquid financial instruments, (ii) hold reserves in accounts that are titled FBO holders of USDC and EURC, respectively, and (iii) do not lend, borrow against, or encumber the reserves. See “Business—Regulatory policy landscape—Principal U.S. federal and state regulatory regimes—Money transmitter and money services laws” for a discussion of the regulations governing our U.S. state licenses. As of March 31, 2025, we held approximately 90% of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund, a government money market fund pursuant to Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”) managed by BlackRock, one of the world’s largest asset managers, and available only to us. The assets within the Circle Reserve Fund are held in the custody of The Bank of New York Mellon (“BNY”), one of the largest asset custodians in the world. See “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—Liquidity and capital resources—Composition of USDC reserves” for additional information regarding the Circle Reserve Fund. The remaining portion of USDC reserves (typically 10-20%) are held as cash in accounts that are titled FBO holders of USDC, primarily with banks designated by the Financial Stability Board as global systemically important banks (“GSIBs”), which are subject to the highest capital and liquidity requirements and the greatest level of regulatory supervision in the world. A small fraction of USDC reserves is held as cash within several additional banks, which facilitate the flow of funds from reserves to Circle Mint customers. Currently, all EURC reserves are held only in cash. Core to our reserve management infrastructure is reporting and independent assurance. Since the launch of USDC in September 2018 and EURC in June 2022, we have provided full transparency into assets comprising Circle stablecoin reserves, first on a monthly basis (on our website), then on a weekly basis (also on our website), and now, in the case of the Circle Reserve Fund, on a daily basis (on BlackRock’s website). Furthermore, since USDC’s launch, we have provided the public with independent, third-party monthly assurance over the value and composition of these assets from a leading public accounting firm (currently, a Big Four firm), whose reports are available for both USDC and EURC on our website. Our Liquidity Services are integrated with the existing financial system Additionally, core to Circle Liquidity Services is our integration with the existing financial system in order to provide robust primary liquidity (i.e., facilitating conversions between Circle stablecoins and fiat currency). We believe we have built a robust banking infrastructure, with onboarding at settlement banks that provide the primary market liquidity infrastructure to enable us to flow funds to and from Circle Mint customers to enable on- and off-ramping with Circle stablecoins. They provide multiple rails including 24/7/365 funds flow capabilities, wires, automated clearing house (“ACH”), SEPA, and similar regional domestic bank transfer networks as well as providing redundancy across rails. We continue to expand the network of banks that provide primary liquidity services to the Circle stablecoin ecosystem. Summary risk factors Our business and Class A common stock are subject to many risks, as more fully described in the “Risk factors” section immediately following this “Prospectus Summary” section. These risks include, among others: • We face intense and increasing competition. • Competition from new and existing issuers offering competing products, combined with the rise of yield-bearing digital assets, including TMMFs, that are attractive to digital asset trading participants, may reduce market demand and circulation of Circle stablecoins. 24 Table of Contents • Stablecoins may face periods of uncertainty, loss of trust, or systemic shocks resulting in the potential for rapid redemption requests (or runs). Extreme scenarios, such as market shocks that affect the value of USDC’s reserves or simultaneous requests to redeem all or substantially all USDC in circulation, or concerns related to Circle stablecoin reserves, may lead to redemption delays and USDC reserves being insufficient to meet all redemption requests. • As a relatively new innovation, stablecoins are particularly susceptible to operational challenges and risks, including due to surges in demand. • Any negative publicity regarding stablecoins or the broader digital asset industry may have an outsized negative effect on consumer confidence. • The acceptance of Circle stablecoins could be negatively impacted by the disruptions in secondary marketplaces that facilitate the purchase and sale of Circle stablecoins. • Although we have concluded that Circle stablecoins are not “securities” under U.S. federal securities laws and our offers and sales of Circle stablecoins are not securities transactions, any classification of Circle stablecoins as a “security,” or our offer or sale of Circle stablecoins in securities transactions, would subject us to additional regulation and could materially impact the operation of our business. • We hold a substantial amount of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund and thus are subject to risks associated with the issuer, the manager, and the custodian of the Circle Reserve Fund. • Any significant disruption in our or our third-party service providers’ or partners’ technology could result in a loss of customers or funds and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. • Our customers’ funds and digital assets may fail to be adequately safeguarded by us or the third-party service providers upon whom we rely. • Our inability to maintain existing relationships with financial institutions and similar firms or to enter into new such relationships could impact our ability to offer services to customers. • We are subject to credit risks in respect of counterparties, including banks and other financial institutions. • If we are unable to maintain existing distribution and partnership arrangements or enter into additional distribution or partnership arrangements on less favorable financial terms, USDC and EURC in circulation and Circle’s financial results may be adversely affected. • Our products and services may be exploited by our customers, employees, service providers, and other third parties to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, gambling, tax evasion, and scams. • Our compliance and risk management methods might not be effective. • Fluctuations in interest rates could impact our results of operations. • We are subject to an extensive and highly evolving regulatory landscape. • The regulatory environment to which we are subject gives rise to various licensing requirements, significant compliance costs and other restrictions, and noncompliance could result in a range of penalties, including fines, compliance costs, operational restrictions, reputational damage, and loss of licenses. 25 Table of Contents • We are subject to laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding economic and trade sanctions, anti-bribery, AML, and counter-terrorism financing that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate them. As we continue to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of a variety of jurisdictions will increase and we may be subject to investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities. • Insiders will continue to have substantial control over us after this offering and could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. Company and corporate information Our principal executive office is located at One World Trade Center, New York, NY 10007, and our telephone number is (332) 334-0660. Our website is www.circle.com . The reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only, and information contained therein or connected thereto is not incorporated into this prospectus or the registration statement of which it forms a part. 26 Table of Contents The offering Class A common stock offered by us 14,800,000 shares (or 19,900,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Class A common stock offered by the selling stockholders 19,200,000 shares. Option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to 5,100,000 additional shares of Class A common stock to cover over-allotments. Common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering Class A common stock: 202,550,578 shares (or 207,650,578 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Class B common stock: 19,989,537 shares. Class C common stock: no shares. Voting rights Upon completion of this offering, we will have three authorized series of common stock: Class A common stock, which is entitled to one vote per share; Class B common stock, which is entitled to 5 votes per share (but the aggregate voting power of Class B common stock cannot exceed 30% of the total voting power of our capital stock); and Class C common stock, which does not have any voting power other than to the extent set forth in our certificate of incorporation or otherwise required by applicable law. Holders of our common stock vote together as a single class on all matters, except as otherwise set forth in our certificate of incorporation or as required by applicable law. See “Description of capital stock.” Concentration of voting power Our Class B common stock, which will be held by our founders, Jeremy Allaire and P. Sean Neville, and certain entities controlled by our founders, will represent 30% of the total voting power of our outstanding common stock following this offering (or 30% of the total voting power of our outstanding common stock if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Upon the completion of this offering, we will not be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE’s corporate governance standards. Conversion rights Our Class A common stock will not be convertible into any other securities. Our Class B common stock is convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the option of the holder. In addition, our Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis upon any transfer, except for permitted transfers described in our certificate of incorporation, and in certain other circumstances such as the earliest of (1) in the case of any Class B common stock held by any entity controlled by Jeremy Allaire or P. Sean Neville, upon such entity ceasing to be controlled by Jeremy 27 Table of Contents Allaire or P. Sean Neville, (2) the first day on which the aggregate number of shares of Class B common stock held by Jeremy Allaire and certain entities controlled by Jeremy Allaire is less than 50% of the aggregate number of shares of Class B common stock held by Jeremy Allaire and such entities on the closing date of this offering, (3) the first day on which Jeremy Allaire is neither our Chief Executive Officer nor Chairperson of our board of directors, and (4) five years after the closing of this offering. Our Class C common stock is convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis in connection with certain assignments and transfers. See “Description of capital stock—Common stock—Conversion, exchange, and transferability.” Use of proceeds We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $420.6 million, or approximately $570.0 million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use approximately $125.3 million of the net proceeds from this offering to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the vesting and net settlement of certain outstanding RSUs previously granted to our directors, officers, and employees, which will vest in connection with this offering, and to use the remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes. See “Use of proceeds” for a more complete description of the intended use of proceeds from this offering. We will not receive any proceeds from sales of shares of Class A common stock by the selling stockholders. Indication of interest ARK Investment Management, LLC and/or its affiliated entities have indicated an interest in purchasing up to $150.0 million of shares of our Class A common stock being offered in this offering at the initial public offering price and on the same terms as the other purchasers in this offering. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, the underwriters could determine to sell more, fewer or no shares to any of these potential purchasers, and any of these potential purchasers could determine to purchase more, fewer or no shares in this offering. Risk factors See “Risk factors” and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. Proposed stock exchange symbol “CRCL” The number of shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock that will be outstanding after this offering is based on 185,168,418 shares of Class A common stock, 22,571,697 shares of Class B common stock and no shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2025, after giving effect to (i) the conversion of all outstanding shares of preferred stock into 139,806,913 shares of Class A 28 Table of Contents common stock and the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock held by Jeremy Allaire and P. Sean Neville and certain entities controlled by Jeremy Allaire or P. Sean Neville into Class B common stock (collectively, the “Conversion”), which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and (ii) the vesting of approximately 9,624,397 outstanding RSUs (excluding approximately 129,304 RSUs outstanding as of March 31, 2025 that were subsequently forfeited) for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the commencement of trading of our Class A common stock on the NYSE without any modification to the vesting terms of such RSUs, which will result in approximately $125.3 million of tax withholding and remittance obligations (based on an assumed 42.0% tax withholding rate) and the net issuance of 5,438,969 shares of Class A common stock and 144,638 shares of Class B common stock in connection with the net settlement of such RSUs (“IPO RSU Vest”), and excludes: • 18,066,610 shares of Class A common stock and 3,582,084 shares of Class B common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of March 31, 2025, at a weighted-average exercise price of $8.79 per share; • 15,013,660 shares of Class A common stock and 562,586 shares of Class B common stock issuable upon the vesting of RSUs outstanding as of March 31, 2025; • 10,930,578 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2025, at a weighted-average exercise price of $31.50 per share (of which warrants to purchase 3,379,698 shares of Class A common stock have expired subsequent to March 31, 2025); • 1,132,761 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of outstanding convertible notes outstanding as of March 31, 2025; • 28,265,461 shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our Omnibus Incentive Plan, which will become effective in connection with this offering; • 5,653,090 shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which will become effective in connection with this offering; • 2,682,392 shares of Class A common stock that we have reserved for donations to the Circle Foundation over 10 years; and • shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained in this prospectus assumes: • the filing and effectiveness of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including the effectiveness of the Conversion, which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering; • no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares; • the IPO RSU Vest will result in approximately $125.3 million of tax withholding and remittance obligations and the issuance of 5,438,969 shares of Class A common stock and 144,638 shares of Class B common stock; and • no exercise of options and warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and, other than the IPO RSU Vest, no vesting and settlement of RSUs outstanding as of March 31, 2025. 29 Table of Contents Summary consolidated financial data The following summary consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” and our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 is derived from our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary consolidated financial data as of March 31, 2025 and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 is derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and reflect, in the opinion of management, adjustments of a normal, recurring nature that are necessary for a fair statement of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future, and the results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal period. Three months ended March 31, Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2024 2023 2022 (in thousands, except per share information) (unaudited) Revenue and reserve income Reserve income $ 557,911 $ 359,639 $ 1,661,084 $ 1,430,606 $ 735,885 Other revenue 20,662 5,455 15,169 19,860 36,167 Total revenue and reserve income from continuing operations 578,573 365,094 1,676,253 1,450,466 772,052 Distribution, transaction, and other costs Distribution and transaction costs 347,312 202,742 1,010,811 719,806 286,953 Other costs 335 3,995 6,553 7,918 22,401 Total distribution, transaction, and other costs 347,647 206,737 1,017,364 727,724 309,354 Operating expenses Compensation expenses 75,620 61,149 263,410 296,055 212,961 General and administrative expenses 30,684 30,517 137,283 100,128 82,272 Depreciation and amortization expense 13,880 11,593 50,854 34,887 13,277 IT infrastructure costs 7,672 6,334 27,109 20,722 11,835 Marketing expenses 3,860 818 17,326 36,544 78,839 Gain on sale of intangible assets — — — (21,634 ) — Merger termination expenses — — — — 44,194 Digital assets (gains) losses and impairment 6,270 (4,373 ) (4,251 ) (13,488 ) 57,436 Total operating expenses 137,986 106,038 491,731 453,214 500,814 Operating income (loss) from continuing operations 92,940 52,319 167,158 269,528 (38,116 ) Other income (expense), net (3,103 ) 20,557 54,416 49,421 (720,393 ) Net income (loss) before income taxes 89,837 72,876 221,574 318,949 (758,509 ) Income tax expense 25,046 24,237 64,583 47,400 3,263 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 64,791 48,639 156,991 271,549 (761,772 ) Loss from operations of discontinued businesses — — (1,324 ) (3,987 ) (7,075 ) Net income (loss) $ 64,791 $ 48,639 $ 155,667 $ 267,562 $ (768,847 ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.33 $ 0.95 $ (16.48 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.30 $ 0.78 $ (16.48 ) Weighted-average common shares used to compute earnings (loss) per share, basic 57,966 53,976 54,413 47,265 46,663 Weighted-average common shares used to compute earnings (loss) per share, diluted 75,650 72,778 73,042 67,549 46,663 Unaudited pro forma basic earnings per common share(1) $ 0.33 $ 0.80 Unaudited pro forma diluted earnings per common share(1) $ 0.29 $ 0.73 Unaudited pro forma weighted-average common shares used to compute earnings per share, basic(1) 197,748 193,784 Unaudited pro forma weighted-average common shares used to compute earnings per share, diluted(1) 215,432 212,413 Other financial information: Adjusted EBITDA(2) $ 122,439 $ 76,258 $ 284,871 $ 395,230 $ 96,276 30 Table of Contents (1) Pro forma information gives effect to the Conversion as though the Conversion had occurred as of the beginning of the period or on the date of issuance, if later. (2) To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we have disclosed here and elsewhere in this prospectus Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding: depreciation and amortization expense; interest expense, net of amortization of discounts and premiums; interest income; income tax expense; stock compensation expense; certain legal expenses; realized and unrealized (gains) losses, net, on digital assets held for investment and other related investments; realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale debt securities; impairment losses on strategic investments; merger termination expenses; restructuring expenses; acquisition-related costs; change in fair value of convertible debt, warrant liability, and embedded derivatives; (gains) losses on sale of long-lived assets; and foreign currency exchange loss. For additional information regarding our use and the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA, see “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—Non-GAAP financial measures.” The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) from continuing operations, the most closely comparable GAAP financial measure, for the periods indicated: Three months ended March 31, Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2024 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ 64,791 $ 48,639 $ 156,991 $ 271,549 $ (761,772 ) Adjusted for: Depreciation and amortization expense 13,880 11,593 50,854 34,887 13,277 Interest expense, net of amortization of discounts and premiums 335 497 1,906 1,912 2,684 Interest income(1) (7,965 ) (8,353 ) (34,712 ) (29,262 ) (8,645 ) Income tax expense 25,046 24,237 64,583 47,400 3,263 Stock compensation expense 12,716 9,480 50,134 107,999 69,266 Legal expense(2) 1,905 1,678 9,281 2,325 2,604 Realized and unrealized (gains) losses, net, on digital assets held for investment and other related investments 8,263 (4,363 ) (9,464 ) 2,239 1,354 Realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale debt securities — (3 ) (88 ) — 16,624 Impairment losses on strategic investments — — 2,358 1,611 11,242 Merger termination expenses(3) — — — — 44,194 Restructuring expenses(4) — 760 3,186 — — Acquisition-related costs(5) 535 — 1,054 — 2,346 Change in fair value of convertible debt, warrant liability, and embedded derivatives 2,382 (8,095 ) (11,653 ) (24,865 ) 698,936 (Gains) losses on sale of long-lived assets 12 47 73 (21,521 ) — Foreign currency exchange loss 539 141 368 956 903 Adjusted EBITDA $ 122,439 $ 76,258 $ 284,871 $ 395,230 $ 96,276 (1) Reflects interest income from corporate cash and cash and cash equivalents balances. For the avoidance of doubt, this amount does not include the impact of reserve income. (2) Reflects litigation expenses related to the FT Partners litigation and settlement expenses related to legacy businesses. Refer to Note 23 to our audited consolidated financial statements and Note 22 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for a summary of these legal matters. (3) Reflects one-time termination expenses incurred in connection with the termination of merger agreement. (4) Reflects one-time restructuring expenses incurred in connection with the Redomiciliation. (5) Reflects legal and professional services costs related to the Hashnote acquisition in 2024 and the first quarter of 2025 and the Billeto and Cybavo acquisitions in 2022. 31 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2025 Actual Pro forma(1) Pro forma as adjusted(2) (in thousands) Total current assets $ 61,501,891 $ 61,501,891 $ 61,797,193 Total assets 62,262,397 62,262,397 62,557,699 Total current liabilities 60,289,036 60,289,036 60,289,036 Total liabilities 60,376,919 60,376,919 60,376,919 Redeemable convertible preferred stock 1,140,502 — — Total stockholders’ equity 744,976 1,885,478 2,180,780 (1) The pro forma financial information gives effect to the Conversion. (2) The pro forma as adjusted information gives effect to the pro forma adjustments in footnote (1) above and to (i) this offering, including our issuance and sale of 14,800,000 shares of Class A common stock and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and (ii) the IPO RSU Vest, including our payment of approximately $125.3 million in satisfaction of tax withholding and remittance obligations and the issuance of 5,438,969 shares of Class A common stock and 144,638 shares of Class B common stock in connection with the net settlement of such RSUs. 32 Table of Contents Risk factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to our business and industry We face intense and increasing competition. We operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend in part on the continued growth of the Circle stablecoin network, our ability to monetize the Circle stablecoin network, and our ability to innovate and create successful new products and services and improve existing products and services. Although there may be certain regulatory and other barriers to enter the markets we serve, we nonetheless expect our competition to continue to increase. We face competition from both established enterprises and early-stage companies that are attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to digital financial services products, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources, and larger customer bases than we do. This may allow them to offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of digital financial products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in end-user and customer preferences. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share or revenues, they may offer terms, including fee structures, that are more favorable than ours, which could result in a decrease of our market share or revenues or lead us to adopt less profitable business practices, or otherwise exert downward pressure on our results of operations. For example, actions and policies of our distributors, over which we do not control or oversee, could negatively impact our results of operations. In any case, with increased competition, we may be required to incur additional costs or expenses relative to our revenue to maintain or grow the Circle stablecoin network and the market acceptance of our products and services. Our current or future competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services, which could attract end-users and customers away from our products and services. For example, we are seeing a rapidly evolving market structure in digital asset trading markets, and certain major trading firms are moving towards TMMFs as a form of collateral. Particularly in the current high interest rate environment, the option to invest in TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets has become increasingly attractive relative to holding non-yield bearing stablecoins, especially for those planning to hold these assets for an extended period of time. Therefore, as TMMFs become more readily accessible and widely integrated on blockchains as a form of collateral in margin trading, we expect to continue to see a shift toward the use of TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets, which could adversely affect the competitiveness and usage of USDC and EURC in this type of use case. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or ability to capitalize on new market opportunities. 33 Table of Contents We currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors, including: • payment services; • fiat-backed, asset-backed, digital asset-collateralized, algorithmic, non-backed and yield-bearing tokens; • blockchain infrastructure services; • digital asset safekeeping services; • banks and nonbank financial institutions; and • digital wallet providers platforms. In particular, we compete with and rely on traditional banks for many of the services we offer. We are subject to regulation by a variety of state and federal regulators across our products and services, and we rely on banks to provide banking services to our customers. This regulation by multiple federal, state, and local authorities increases our compliance costs, as we navigate multiple regimes with different examination schedules and processes and varying disclosure requirements. In addition, while the potential introduction of stablecoin legislation could establish a clear legal and regulatory framework, it may also lower the barriers to entry for new market participants. In particular, banks with well-established customer bases and financial infrastructures may decide to enter the stablecoin industry, which could intensify competition and cannibalize our growth opportunities. We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors, both within and beyond our control, including the following: • the size, diversity, and activity levels of our end-user and customer base; • the timing and market acceptance of products and services, including developments and enhancements to those products and services offered by us and our competitors; • trust, perception, and interest in the digital asset industry and in our products and services; • customer service and support efforts; • selling and marketing efforts; • the ease of use, performance, price, and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors; • changes in economic conditions and government regulation and policies; • our ability to successfully execute on our business plans; • our ability to successfully integrate new products and services with our existing ones; • our ability to continue to enhance our technical infrastructure and technology; • our ability to enter new markets; • our ability to maintain and grow our partnerships with other market participants; • general digital payments, capital markets, blockchain, and stablecoin market conditions; and • our brand strength relative to that of our competitors. If we are unable to successfully compete in our industry, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could suffer materially. 34 Table of Contents Competition from new and existing issuers offering competing products, combined with the rise of yield-bearing digital assets, including TMMFs, that are attractive to digital asset trading participants, may reduce market demand and circulation of Circle stablecoins. With significant growth in the stablecoin market and an increasing understanding that it represents one of the largest potential new markets for financial and payments infrastructures, we expect to continue to see intense competition. In addition, the emergence of yield-bearing digital assets represents an additional source of competition, particularly in light of the current high interest rate environment, which has amplified the opportunity cost of holding stablecoins relative to other yield-bearing digital assets. See “Business—Competitive landscape” for a discussion of the competition within the digital asset industry (including from other stablecoins and yield-bearing digital assets). Stablecoins and other digital assets that are currently issued or may in the future be issued by digital asset trading platforms, major existing global payments companies, major asset management firms, and banks—along with decentralized algorithmic tokens—are likely to increase competitive pressure on Circle stablecoins and could slow our growth or cause significant declines in our market position. Given the inherent network effects that accompany stablecoin usage, a rapidly growing competitor, or a well-established payments company, asset management company, or bank that enters the market, could gain enough market share to ultimately limit the viability of Circle stablecoins. As an example of such an adverse impact, the amount of USDT in circulation (the largest stablecoin by stablecoins in circulation, issued by Tether) increased while the amount of USDC in circulation declined for nearly a one year period from late 2022 to late 2023, which we believe reflects the different use cases and underlying competitive dynamics for the two stablecoins. New categories of products that provide novel and attractive features, such as yield-bearing digital assets (including TMMFs), could also gain market acceptance at any time, which may compete with Circle stablecoins and cannibalize our market share, particularly if we fail to anticipate such market shifts or are slow to enter into these nascent markets. In addition, we issue a TMMF, USYC, following our acquisition of Hashnote. The issuance of USYC represents a new facet of our business, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful. USYC may not gain traction relative to existing TMMFs and new TMMFs that compete with USYC may enter the market at any time. In addition, the success of USYC may adversely affect the competitiveness of USDC and EURC as margin collateral, as trading participants naturally gravitate towards yield-bearing digital assets in this particular type of use case. Our entry into this market may also impact our marketing strategy, and we may not be able to anticipate how our customers, shareholders, and the market will perceive and respond to any such shift. The pursuit of new product offerings may also divert management’s attention and redirect the flow of resources away from USDC and EURC. The risks associated with issuing a TMMF in general, and the specific risks of incorporating them into our existing business model, could hinder our ability to successfully implement our business plans and achieve our strategic objectives. Stablecoins may face periods of uncertainty, loss of trust, or systemic shocks resulting in the potential for rapid redemption requests (or runs). Extreme scenarios, such as market shocks that affect the value of USDC reserves or simultaneous requests to redeem all or substantially all USDC in circulation, or concerns related to Circle stablecoin reserves, may lead to redemption delays and USDC reserves being insufficient to meet all redemption requests. Privately issued stablecoins may be subject to the risk of significant and concentrated redemption requests, even when they are fully reserved with high quality liquid assets such as cash and short-dated U.S. government obligations. If we experience significant and concentrated redemption requests with respect to one or more Circle stablecoins, we may need to liquidate a significant portion of Circle stablecoin reserve assets to meet such requests. In extreme cases, the market for the short-dated U.S. government obligations held by the Circle Reserve Fund might not be sufficiently liquid for BlackRock to liquidate them in a way that allows us to meet 35 Table of Contents redemption demands in a timely manner, which could potentially lead to redemption delays. In the most extreme cases, such as a request to immediately redeem all or substantially all of the USDC in circulation, the market for short-dated U.S. government obligations could experience price instability and the USDC reserve may not be sufficient to cover all such redemption requests. When reserve assets and proceeds from reserve assets are not sufficient to cover all redemption requests, we would be required under the laws governing our licenses and registrations as well as under the Circle Mint user agreement (which provides for the redemption of Circle stablecoins on a one-to-one basis for Circle Mint customers) to use our own capital to make up any shortfall. See “Business—Regulatory policy landscape.” Our reserve management standard, which, in compliance with applicable laws and regulatory guidance, limits reserve assets to highly liquid financial instruments, is designed to materially mitigate these risks. See “Business—Reserve management standard” and “Business—Regulatory policy landscape.” However, our reserve and other policies cannot deter, prevent, or fully protect against significant redemption demand or the ability for the Circle Reserve Fund to meet our redemption requests and banks to meet our withdrawal requests for demand deposits. Currently, all EURC reserve assets are held only in cash. Market participants have increasingly shown concern about the sufficiency and liquidity of reserves for dollar-denominated stablecoins such as USDT and USDC, including due to issues in the traditional financial markets. For example, in March 2023, we a... [truncated]