# Principal Stockholders

> Source: d737521d424b4.htm
> Report Date: 2025-06-05
> Filing Type: 424B4

---

beneficial ownership of the underlying reserve assets, given that we hold only bare legal title to the underlying assets but have no beneficial interest or property rights in such assets. Therefore, the reserve assets backing USDC and EURC, beyond the bare legal title that we hold, should not be considered property of our bankruptcy estate in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency. Due to the novelty of stablecoins, however, courts have not yet considered the treatment of underlying reserve assets in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency of a stablecoin issuer and have only issued a limited number of rulings related to digital assets in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency. Should a court conclude—consistent with our position—that the underlying reserve assets are the property of stablecoin holders, and not the bankruptcy estate, stablecoin holders may still experience delays in recovering the underlying assets due to, among other things, bankruptcy administration, ongoing litigation, or application of the automatic stay. At the same time, it is possible that a U.S. court, in the case of assets held in reserve for USDC held by non-EEA holders, or a French court, in the case of (i) EURC and (ii) assets held in reserve for USDC held by EEA holders, could instead determine that the reserve assets backing USDC and EURC, respectively, are property of our bankruptcy estate. If this were to happen, other creditors of Circle may be able to obtain recoveries from the underlying reserve 166 Table of Contents assets and holders of Circle stablecoins could be treated as general unsecured creditors of Circle, which could result in Circle stablecoin holders receiving only partial recoveries rather than the full purported value of their stablecoin holdings. We will continue to monitor legal, regulatory, and other developments in order to take reasonable and appropriate steps to continue the safeguarding of Circle stablecoin reserves. Intellectual property The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a combination of trademark, patent, trade secret, and copyright laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, as well as confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments, and other legal rights to establish, maintain, and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We have an active program of establishing, maintaining, and protecting our intellectual property and proprietary rights, including our proprietary technology, through the filing of patents, registration of trademarks, and use of contractual measures and other intellectual property rights. We generally enter into agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, and other third parties that include confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information, trade secrets, know-how, and proprietary technology. Those agreements also often include invention or work product assignment provisions to establish, maintain, and protect our brand and other intellectual property rights. We may also agree to license our intellectual property to third parties as part of various agreements. As of March 31, 2025, we have 20 issued patents in the United States and filed 45 nonprovisional patent applications in the United States, as well as 29 patent applications in foreign jurisdictions, with respect to our technology. We held 22 registered trademarks in the United States, including the Circle name and Circle logo, and also held 347 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We also had 18 pending trademark applications in the United States, as well as 70 pending trademark applications in foreign jurisdictions. We intend to file additional trademark applications with respect to our brands. Intellectual property laws, procedures, and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated. Further, intellectual property protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products are available and the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our intellectual property. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or technologies that are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. See “Risk factors—Risks related to intellectual property—Our intellectual property rights are valuable. Any inability to protect and enforce such intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects” for a more comprehensive