# Risk Factors

> Source: d737521d424b4.htm
> Report Date: 2025-06-05
> Filing Type: 424B4

---

Risk factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to our business and industry We face intense and increasing competition. We operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend in part on the continued growth of the Circle stablecoin network, our ability to monetize the Circle stablecoin network, and our ability to innovate and create successful new products and services and improve existing products and services. Although there may be certain regulatory and other barriers to enter the markets we serve, we nonetheless expect our competition to continue to increase. We face competition from both established enterprises and early-stage companies that are attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to digital financial services products, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources, and larger customer bases than we do. This may allow them to offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of digital financial products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in end-user and customer preferences. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share or revenues, they may offer terms, including fee structures, that are more favorable than ours, which could result in a decrease of our market share or revenues or lead us to adopt less profitable business practices, or otherwise exert downward pressure on our results of operations. For example, actions and policies of our distributors, over which we do not control or oversee, could negatively impact our results of operations. In any case, with increased competition, we may be required to incur additional costs or expenses relative to our revenue to maintain or grow the Circle stablecoin network and the market acceptance of our products and services. Our current or future competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services, which could attract end-users and customers away from our products and services. For example, we are seeing a rapidly evolving market structure in digital asset trading markets, and certain major trading firms are moving towards TMMFs as a form of collateral. Particularly in the current high interest rate environment, the option to invest in TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets has become increasingly attractive relative to holding non-yield bearing stablecoins, especially for those planning to hold these assets for an extended period of time. Therefore, as TMMFs become more readily accessible and widely integrated on blockchains as a form of collateral in margin trading, we expect to continue to see a shift toward the use of TMMFs or other yield-bearing digital assets, which could adversely affect the competitiveness and usage of USDC and EURC in this type of use case. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or ability to capitalize on new market opportunities. 33 Table of Contents We currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors, including: • payment services; • fiat-backed, asset-backed, digital asset-collateralized, algorithmic, non-backed and yield-bearing tokens; • blockchain infrastructure services; • digital asset safekeeping services; • banks and nonbank financial institutions; and • digital wallet providers platforms. In particular, we compete with and rely on traditional banks for many of the services we offer. We are subject to regulation by a variety of state and federal regulators across our products and services, and we rely on banks to provide banking services to our customers. This regulation by multiple federal, state, and local authorities increases our compliance costs, as we navigate multiple regimes with different examination schedules and processes and varying disclosure requirements. In addition, while the potential introduction of stablecoin legislation could establish a clear legal and regulatory framework, it may also lower the barriers to entry for new market participants. In particular, banks with well-established customer bases and financial infrastructures may decide to enter the stablecoin industry, which could intensify competition and cannibalize our growth opportunities. We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors, both within and beyond our control, including the following: • the size, diversity, and activity levels of our end-user and customer base; • the timing and market acceptance of products and services, including developments and enhancements to those products and services offered by us and our competitors; • trust, perception, and interest in the digital asset industry and in our products and services; • customer service and support efforts; • selling and marketing efforts; • the ease of use, performance, price, and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors; • changes in economic conditions and government regulation and policies; • our ability to successfully execute on our business plans; • our ability to successfully integrate new products and services with our existing ones; • our ability to continue to enhance our technical infrastructure and technology; • our ability to enter new markets; • our ability to maintain and grow our partnerships with other market participants; • general digital payments, capital markets, blockchain, and stablecoin market conditions; and • our brand strength relative to that of our competitors. If we are unable to successfully compete in our industry, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could suffer materially. 34 Table of Contents Competition from new and existing issuers offering competing products, combined with the rise of yield-bearing digital assets, including TMMFs, that are attractive to digital asset trading participants, may reduce market demand and circulation of Circle stablecoins. With significant growth in the stablecoin market and an increasing understanding that it represents one of the largest potential new markets for financial and payments infrastructures, we expect to continue to see intense competition. In addition, the emergence of yield-bearing digital assets represents an additional source of competition, particularly in light of the current high interest rate environment, which has amplified the opportunity cost of holding stablecoins relative to other yield-bearing digital assets. See “Business—Competitive landscape” for a discussion of the competition within the digital asset industry (including from other stablecoins and yield-bearing digital assets). Stablecoins and other digital assets that are currently issued or may in the future be issued by digital asset trading platforms, major existing global payments companies, major asset management firms, and banks—along with decentralized algorithmic tokens—are likely to increase competitive pressure on Circle stablecoins and could slow our growth or cause significant declines in our market position. Given the inherent network effects that accompany stablecoin usage, a rapidly growing competitor, or a well-established payments company, asset management company, or bank that enters the market, could gain enough market share to ultimately limit the viability of Circle stablecoins. As an example of such an adverse impact, the amount of USDT in circulation (the largest stablecoin by stablecoins in circulation, issued by Tether) increased while the amount of USDC in circulation declined for nearly a one year period from late 2022 to late 2023, which we believe reflects the different use cases and underlying competitive dynamics for the two stablecoins. New categories of products that provide novel and attractive features, such as yield-bearing digital assets (including TMMFs), could also gain market acceptance at any time, which may compete with Circle stablecoins and cannibalize our market share, particularly if we fail to anticipate such market shifts or are slow to enter into these nascent markets. In addition, we issue a TMMF, USYC, following our acquisition of Hashnote. The issuance of USYC represents a new facet of our business, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful. USYC may not gain traction relative to existing TMMFs and new TMMFs that compete with USYC may enter the market at any time. In addition, the success of USYC may adversely affect the competitiveness of USDC and EURC as margin collateral, as trading participants naturally gravitate towards yield-bearing digital assets in this particular type of use case. Our entry into this market may also impact our marketing strategy, and we may not be able to anticipate how our customers, shareholders, and the market will perceive and respond to any such shift. The pursuit of new product offerings may also divert management’s attention and redirect the flow of resources away from USDC and EURC. The risks associated with issuing a TMMF in general, and the specific risks of incorporating them into our existing business model, could hinder our ability to successfully implement our business plans and achieve our strategic objectives. Stablecoins may face periods of uncertainty, loss of trust, or systemic shocks resulting in the potential for rapid redemption requests (or runs). Extreme scenarios, such as market shocks that affect the value of USDC reserves or simultaneous requests to redeem all or substantially all USDC in circulation, or concerns related to Circle stablecoin reserves, may lead to redemption delays and USDC reserves being insufficient to meet all redemption requests. Privately issued stablecoins may be subject to the risk of significant and concentrated redemption requests, even when they are fully reserved with high quality liquid assets such as cash and short-dated U.S. government obligations. If we experience significant and concentrated redemption requests with respect to one or more Circle stablecoins, we may need to liquidate a significant portion of Circle stablecoin reserve assets to meet such requests. In extreme cases, the market for the short-dated U.S. government obligations held by the Circle Reserve Fund might not be sufficiently liquid for BlackRock to liquidate them in a way that allows us to meet 35 Table of Contents redemption demands in a timely manner, which could potentially lead to redemption delays. In the most extreme cases, such as a request to immediately redeem all or substantially all of the USDC in circulation, the market for short-dated U.S. government obligations could experience price instability and the USDC reserve may not be sufficient to cover all such redemption requests. When reserve assets and proceeds from reserve assets are not sufficient to cover all redemption requests, we would be required under the laws governing our licenses and registrations as well as under the Circle Mint user agreement (which provides for the redemption of Circle stablecoins on a one-to-one basis for Circle Mint customers) to use our own capital to make up any shortfall. See “Business—Regulatory policy landscape.” Our reserve management standard, which, in compliance with applicable laws and regulatory guidance, limits reserve assets to highly liquid financial instruments, is designed to materially mitigate these risks. See “Business—Reserve management standard” and “Business—Regulatory policy landscape.” However, our reserve and other policies cannot deter, prevent, or fully protect against significant redemption demand or the ability for the Circle Reserve Fund to meet our redemption requests and banks to meet our withdrawal requests for demand deposits. Currently, all EURC reserve assets are held only in cash. Market participants have increasingly shown concern about the sufficiency and liquidity of reserves for dollar-denominated stablecoins such as USDT and USDC, including due to issues in the traditional financial markets. For example, in March 2023, we announced that we had initiated transfers of the more than $3 billion of deposits from Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) to other banks, but those transfers failed to settle before the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) placed the bank into receivership. Although all of these funds were ultimately made available and transferred to new banks, concerns related to Circle’s access to these funds caused USDC to experience a temporary price dislocation on certain secondary trading markets during the period when banks were closed and until the resulting backlog of redemption requests had been cleared, and the amount of USDC in circulation decreased thereafter. In addition, given the foundational role that stablecoins play in global digital asset markets, stablecoin growth has been tied closely to growth in digital asset markets. As a result, systemic risks that manifest themselves in the digital asset markets may lead to higher-than-normal redemption requests on Circle stablecoins, which could lead to significant and concentrated redemption requests with respect to one or more Circle stablecoins. The collapse of TerraUSD and LUNA in May 2022 underscored the risks associated with algorithmic tokens, which are continuing to play out as trading firms and retail and institutional lenders are facing liquidation and insolvency in the aftermath, as reflected in the Voyager Digital Ltd. and Celsius Network LLC insolvency proceedings, among others. Additionally, the collapse and subsequent insolvency proceedings of FTX also expose the contagion risks related to the broader digital asset market. These market events have brought significantly more attention to some of the risks with digital assets, and we believe have contributed, in part, to outflows from USDC at such times. We believe these events in the traditional financial markets and digital asset markets have underscored the importance of robust transparency, audits, and having regulated stablecoins as building blocks for trust and the functioning of a well-regulated, orderly market for digital assets. While the digital asset market has shown signs of recovery, the full extent of these events may not yet be known. Impacts include, but are not limited to, the consequent and ongoing financial distress and bankruptcy of certain digital asset market participants, loss of confidence in the broader digital asset market, reputational harm to digital asset market participants, increased negative publicity of the broader digital asset market, heightened scrutiny by regulators and lawmakers, and calls for increased regulation of digital assets and digital asset market participants. Except as described elsewhere in this prospectus (see “Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition—Key factors affecting operating results—Exogenous events and macro trends”), we have had no material direct impact to our business, financial condition, customers, or counterparties from these events; however, these events caused changes to the digital asset market as described above, which indirectly 36 Table of Contents impacted our business and our revenue potential. We do not have any known material financial exposure to any digital asset market participant that faced insolvency and liquidity issues, experienced excessive redemptions or suspended redemptions or withdrawals of digital assets, allegedly mishandled customer funds, or experienced significant corporate compliance failures in connection with these events. We are unable to predict the timing or severity of any runs on Circle stablecoins. For example, the collapse of one digital asset or company, including those in the traditional finance sector, such as banks, may result in contagion effects for Circle or the broader digital asset market. As a relatively new innovation, stablecoins are particularly susceptible to operational challenges and risks, including due to surges in demand. The relative novelty of stablecoins may pose operational challenges and risks. In particular, some blockchains that support stablecoins have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, have vulnerabilities that could be abused by malicious users, and are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect their respective underlying blockchains. Those features could lead to novel operational risks related to the settlement and validation of transactions, which could result in fraudulent misuse of such blockchains involving Circle stablecoins or otherwise adversely affect the stablecoins whose protocols are built on top of such blockchains. Failures in one or more public blockchains could result in sustained periods where end-users cannot access or transfer their Circle stablecoins, which could result in Circle stablecoins losing their reputation as a safe and reliable payment technology. Furthermore, we have in the past experienced and may in the future encounter periods of extreme and persistent minting activities, which may result in operational delays in accepting fiat currencies, including due to capacity constraints or otherwise, at the banking institutions where our reserves are currently held. Such delays in processing users’ minting requests could negatively impact our ability to attract market entrants and may cause demand to shift toward our competitors. Moreover, the governance of many decentralized blockchain networks is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular blockchain network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or otherwise stymie such network’s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow. Any negative publicity regarding stablecoins or the broader digital asset industry may have an outsized negative effect on consumer confidence. As is the case with other novel technology, compared to more established and well-known industries, any negative publicity regarding blockchain technology and digital assets companies could have an outsized negative effect on confidence in blockchain technology in general and Circle stablecoins in particular. For example, since the inception of blockchain technology, there have been incidents of smart contract developers acting maliciously and misappropriating funds, and numerous digital asset businesses and platforms have been sued, investigated, or shut down due to fraud, illegal activities, the sale or issuance of unregistered securities, manipulative practices, business failure, and cyberattacks or security breaches. In addition, the energy usage and environmental impact of certain blockchains have attracted considerable attention, which could potentially create a negative consumer sentiment and perception of digital assets and delay a wider acceptance and use of Circle stablecoins, whether or not Circle stablecoins are available on those blockchains. 37 Table of Contents The acceptance of Circle stablecoins could be negatively impacted by the disruptions in secondary marketplaces that facilitate the purchase and sale of Circle stablecoins. The various markets for stablecoins have varying degrees of liquidity. There is no assurance that there will continue to be an active and liquid secondary market for any market participant to buy or sell Circle stablecoins. We provide Circle Mint customers the ability to mint and redeem USDC and EURC directly from us on a one-for-one basis for the U.S. dollar and the euro, respectively, as well as end-users that are not Circle Mint customers the ability to redeem USDC and EURC directly from us on a one-for-one basis for the U.S. dollar and the euro, respectively, in our role as the redeemer of last resort. All end-users can purchase, sell, or exchange Circle stablecoins in the secondary markets. However, significant disruptions at secondary marketplaces caused by technical, operational, security, legal, or regulatory issues could cause non-Circle Mint customers to have limited access to markets to obtain Circle stablecoins, cause non-Circle Mint customers to have limited access to markets to exchange their Circle stablecoins for fiat currency or other digital assets, or cause temporary market pricing dislocations, which could have a material adverse effect on the acceptance and use of Circle stablecoins. Negative developments regarding, including a run on, USDT could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. USDT is currently the largest stablecoin as measured by the amount of stablecoins in circulation, according to CoinMarketCap. As a result, negative developments regarding, or the actual or perceived instability of, USDT could cause a loss of trust in other stablecoins, including Circle stablecoins, adversely affect the stablecoin industry and the digital assets ecosystem as a whole, and result in dramatic market volatility for stablecoins specifically and digital assets generally. A temporary price dislocation in the secondary markets or an outright run on USDT could lead to sustained redemption demand for, a run on, or a similar price dislocation of Circle stablecoins in the secondary markets. Conversely, significant outflows from USDT could also result in significant inflows into USDC, which could outpace our ability to mint sufficient USDC to meet such demand. Although we have never experienced any inability to accommodate customer minting or redemption requests when other stablecoins experienced such price dislocation, it is possible that the volatility of inflows and outflows and the demand for minting or redemptions could be so strong that we may encounter operational difficulties in meeting such demand. The launch of central bank digital currencies (“CBDCs”) may adversely impact our business. The introduction of a government-issued digital currency could eliminate or reduce the need or demand for private-sector issued stablecoins, or significantly limit their utility. National governments around the world could introduce CBDCs, which could in turn limit the size of the market opportunity for USDC, EURC, and other potential future Circle stablecoins. Although we have concluded that Circle stablecoins are not “securities” under U.S. federal securities laws and our offers and sales of Circle stablecoins are not securities transactions, any classification of Circle stablecoins as a “security,” or our offer or sale of Circle stablecoins in securities transactions, would subject us to additional regulation and could materially impact the operation of our business. We believe that Circle stablecoins are not securities and that the transactions in which we offer and sell them are not securities transactions under U.S. law. We have continually evaluated Circle stablecoins against the various definitions of “security” under U.S. federal securities laws and federal court decisions interpreting the elements of these definitions, such as the U.S. Supreme Court’s decisions in the Howey and Reves cases. Our position that neither USDC nor EURC is a “security,” and that our offers and sales of USDC and EURC are not securities transactions, is premised, among 38 Table of Contents other reasons, on our conclusion that neither USDC nor EURC, nor our offers and sales of USDC and EURC, meet the elements of the Howey test or satisfies the Reves test. Among the reasons for our conclusion that neither USDC nor EURC is a security , nor our offers and sales of USDC and EURC are securities transactions, under these tests is that holders of USDC and EURC do not have a reasonable expectation of profits from our efforts in respect of their holding of USDC and EURC. Circle stablecoin ownership does not convey the right to receive any interest, rewards, or other returns in respect of their holding of Circle stablecoins. In addition, reserves backing Circle stablecoins are composed solely of low-risk and readily liquid assets—such as short-term U.S. Treasuries and cash equivalents—and are, at all times, held in amounts that equal or exceed the value of Circle stablecoins in circulation. In addition, such reserves are used only for redemption of Circle stablecoins and not for our (or any other entity’s) operational or general business purposes; are not otherwise lent, pledged, or rehypothecated for any reason; and are held in a manner designed not to subject them to claims of third parties. Furthermore, we market Circle stablecoins to the public solely for use in commerce, as a means of making payments, transmitting money, and/or storing value, and not as investments. Recent court decisions also support our analysis. For example, in June 2024, a federal district court granted in part Binance’s motion to dismiss against the SEC. The court found that Binance’s stablecoin BUSD was not credibly alleged to be offered or sold in a securities transaction and found implausible the SEC’s allegation that Binance’s promises to develop the BUSD “ecosystem” would lead purchasers to expect an increase in value “when the alleged defining feature of the ‘stablecoin’ was that its value would remain constant.” On April 4, 2025, the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance (the “Division”) issued a statement (the “April 4 Statement”) that clarified the Division’s view that the offer and sale of Covered Stablecoins—defined as stablecoins that are designed to maintain a stable value relative to the U.S. dollar on a one-for-one basis, can be redeemed for U.S. dollars on a one-for-one basis, and are backed by assets held in a reserve that are considered low-risk and readily liquid with a U.S. dollar-value that meets or exceeds the redemption value of the stablecoins in circulation—do not involve the offer and sale of securities within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws when marketed in the manner and under the circumstances described in the April 4 Statement. Our view is that USDC satisfies the definition of Covered Stablecoins set forth in the April 4 Statement and that our offer and sale of USDC is not an offer of securities under U.S. federal securities laws, although neither the SEC nor the Division has concurred with our view. In addition, although EURC is euro-denominated and thus does not satisfy the definition of Covered Stablecoins set forth in the April 4 Statement, it is our view that EURC would satisfy such definition but for the fact that all relevant currency denominations for EURC are in euros rather than U.S. dollars. Accordingly, our view is that our offer and sale of EURC also does not involve the offer and sale of securities within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws, although neither the SEC nor the Division has concurred with our view. We acknowledge, however, that the SEC, a court, state regulators, state attorneys general, or other regulatory authorities could take a different view. The regulatory treatment of stablecoins has drawn significant attention from legislative and regulatory bodies around the world, including from a variety of U.S. congressional committees and financial regulators. Application of securities laws to the specific facts and circumstances of digital assets is complex and subject to change. Our conclusion, even if reasonable under the circumstances and in our view consistent with the April 4 Statement, would not preclude legal or regulatory action based on a finding that either USDC or EURC is a “security,” or was offered or sold by us in a securities transaction. As such, we are at risk of enforcement proceedings against us, which could result in potential injunctions, cease-and-desist orders, fines, and penalties if any Circle stablecoins were determined to be a security, or our offer and sale of any Circle stablecoin were determined to be a securities transaction by a regulatory body or a court. In such cases, USDC and EURC customers that purchased directly from Circle could also have rescission rights under applicable securities laws. If one or more Circle stablecoins were classified as “securities,” or offered or sold in securities transactions, we and other market participants engaging with Circle stablecoins would be subject to significant additional regulation, much of which is incompatible with our and their current practices. Among other things, this would require us to register the offer and sale of Circle stablecoins under the Securities Act (absent an available 39 Table of Contents exemption) and could obligate us to register as a broker-dealer or in other categories with respect to our role in facilitating transactions in Circle stablecoins. Third-party market intermediaries could be required to register in a number of capacities. See “—If Circle stablecoins were classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws, only registered broker-dealers would be able to intermediate sales of Circle stablecoins between us and purchasers, which they may be unable to do consistent with their regulatory requirements.” Moreover, although we believe that Circle stablecoins are not “securities” under U.S. federal securities laws, either in general or when offered and sold as currently conducted by us, third parties, including our business partners, may create and market investment products related to or involving Circle stablecoins that could involve the offer and sale of a “security” under U.S. federal securities laws. In such cases, the failure of third parties to properly register such offer and sale (or avail themselves of an exemption from such requirements) would constitute a violation of U.S. federal securities laws, which could result in increased regulatory scrutiny of us and our business, negative publicity regarding, and loss of confidence in, us and Circle stablecoins, and, if such third parties are business partners, the loss of such relationships. If Circle stablecoins were classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws, only registered broker-dealers would be able to intermediate sales of Circle stablecoins between us and purchasers, which they may be unable to do consistent with their regulatory requirements. We believe that Circle stablecoins are not “securities” under U.S. federal securities laws. See “—Although we have concluded that Circle stablecoins are not “securities” under U.S. federal securities laws and our offers and sales of Circle stablecoins are not securities transactions, any classification of Circle stablecoins as a “security,” or our offer or sale of Circle stablecoins in securities transactions, would subject us to additional regulation and could materially impact the operation of our business.” If Circle stablecoins were nonetheless classified as “securities”, there would be additional regulatory compliance obligations relating to transactions in Circle stablecoins. A person in the United States that engages in the business of effecting transactions in securities for the account of others, or buys and sells securities for its own account as part of a regular business, may be subject to registration with and regulation by the SEC and self-regulatory organizations as a “broker” or “dealer” under the Exchange Act. Current SEC and FINRA regulatory requirements do not contemplate transactions in digital assets that are securities (“digital asset securities”), and it is not clear how trading in such assets could currently be achieved in full compliance with all relevant regulations. We would not be able to sell Circle stablecoins through an intermediary until a registered broker-dealer (whether an affiliate of ours or a third party) was able to facilitate these transactions in a compliant manner. Once registered, a new broker-dealer would be subject to, among other things, prescribed regulations governing advertising, KYC, financial responsibility, and customer protection (i.e., custody and safeguarding of customer assets) and it will be subject to periodic examination by the SEC and FINRA to assess its operations and the adequacy of its regulatory compliance. Further, compliant secondary market trading of digital asset securities under existing laws, regulations, and guidance may be impractical, greatly impacting the ability of holders of Circle stablecoins to buy and sell their stablecoins, as broker-dealers and other market intermediaries likely would be unwilling to effect such purchases and sales, which could prevent us from continuing to administer our Circle stablecoin operations as currently operated. We intend to offer and support certain digital assets classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws, and thus must comply with applicable securities laws. We intend to offer and support certain digital assets classified as “securities” under U.S. securities laws. For example, we issue USYC, a TMMF, following our acquisition of Hashnote. We acknowledge that such yield-bearing digital assets are “securities” under U.S. securities laws. As such, we will only offer USYC and any other such products in reliance upon an exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant to an effective registration statement and will not offer such products in the United States or to U.S. persons in 40 Table of Contents a manner that would constitute a public offering absent registration. To the extent that we issue additional digital assets, we must analyze whether such digital assets could be deemed securities under U.S. federal and other relevant securities laws. If we determine that such digital assets constitute “securities” under U.S. securities laws, we must ensure that the offer and sale of such digital assets are made in compliance with applicable securities laws. We have policies and procedures with respect to the offer and sale of digital asset securities that are designed to ensure compliance with applicable securities laws. However, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will guarantee that our activities with respect to digital asset securities are conducted in compliance with applicable securities laws. If we violate the securities laws with respect to such digital asset securities, the amount of fines, penalties, and other damages that we could incur as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We hold a substantial amount of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund and thus are subject to risks associated with the issuer, the manager, and the custodian of the Circle Reserve Fund. As of March 31, 2025, Circle held approximately 90% of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund, a government money market fund pursuant to Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act managed by BlackRock, one of the world’s largest asset managers, and available only to Circle. The assets within the Circle Reserve Fund are held in the custody of BNY, one of the largest asset custodians in the world. See “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—Liquidity and capital resources—Composition of USDC reserves” for additional information regarding the Circle Reserve Fund. The Circle Reserve Fund’s investments and business operations are managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC, as investment manager, subject to oversight of BlackRock Funds’ board of trustees. If the terms of the Circle Reserve Fund are modified in a way that no longer suits our objectives, or if BlackRock manages the Circle Reserve Fund in a manner inconsistent with our reserve management standard (see “Business—Reserve management standard”), we may redeem our shares of the Circle Reserve Fund and replace the services provided by BlackRock with other investment managers, which might lead to additional transaction costs; we do not have other recourse (other than under the securities laws if BlackRock manages the Circle Reserve Fund in a manner inconsistent with the fund’s prospectus). If the Circle Reserve Fund is no longer available to us, we must identify other methods to manage a substantial amount of USDC reserves, such as by identifying additional appropriate government money market funds and establishing additional relationships with financial institutions and similar firms, which we may not be able to do in a timely manner. In addition, we believe that USDC holders’ trust in USDC and USDC reserves is, in part, based on their perceptions of the issuer, asset manager, and the custodian of the Circle Reserve Fund. As a result, if either BlackRock or BNY suffers significant negative publicity or damage to its reputation or if we choose to partner with other asset managers or custodians that are not viewed as having equivalent expertise or reputation, trust in USDC could be negatively affected, which could result in an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Future developments regarding the treatment of Circle stablecoins and other stablecoins for U.S. federal income, state, and foreign tax purposes could adversely impact our business. Due to the new and evolving nature of stablecoins and other digital assets, there is an absence of law and judicial precedent on their treatment for U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax purposes. We do not know with any certainty when or if additional guidance will be provided. Changes to the tax law could lead to adverse tax consequences in the future. In 2014, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) released a notice (the “IRS Notice”) discussing certain aspects of “convertible virtual currency” (that is, a digital asset that has an equivalent value in fiat currency or that acts as a substitute for fiat currency) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The IRS stated that a digital asset (i) is “property,” (ii) is not “currency” for purposes of the rules relating to foreign currency gain or loss, 41 Table of Contents and (iii) may be held as a capital asset. In 2019, the IRS released a revenue ruling and a set of “Frequently Asked Questions” (the “Ruling & FAQs”) that provide some additional guidance, including guidance to the effect that, under certain circumstances, hard forks of digital assets are taxable events giving rise to ordinary income and guidance with respect to the determination of the tax basis of digital assets. However, the IRS Notice and the Ruling & FAQs do not address other significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of stablecoins. Furthermore, the IRS Notice states that no inference should be drawn with respect to virtual currencies not described therein. The types of virtual currencies addressed in the IRS Notice and their features are significantly different from Circle stablecoins and stablecoins in general. Whereas the value of the types of virtual currencies addressed in the Notice reflect a variety of factors, such as perceived utility, they are not subject to a requirement by the issuer to redeem them on a one-for-one basis for fiat currency. Although we believe our treatment of digital asset transactions is consistent with existing guidance provided by the IRS, because of the rapidly evolving nature of digital asset innovations and the increasing variety and complexity of digital asset products, it is possible the IRS may disagree with our treatment, which could adversely affect our customers and end-users and the vitality of our business. Similar uncertainties exist in the foreign markets in which we operate, affecting our non-U.S. customer and end-user base. These uncertainties and potential adverse interpretations of tax law could affect our non-U.S. customers and non-U.S. end-users and the vitality of our products and services outside of the United States. There can be no assurance that the IRS or other foreign tax authority will not alter or clarify its position with respect to digital assets generally and stablecoins specifically in the future. It is also unclear what additional guidance may be issued in the future on the treatment of existing stablecoin and digital asset transactions and future innovations for purposes of U.S. federal income tax or other foreign tax regulations. Any such alteration of existing IRS or foreign tax authority positions or additional guidance regarding digital asset products and transactions could result in adverse tax consequences for both holders and issuers of digital assets and the value of digital assets more generally. Future technological and operational developments that may arise with respect to digital assets may increase the uncertainty with respect to the treatment of digital assets for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes. The uncertainty regarding tax treatment of stablecoins and other digital assets transactions impacts our customers and end-users, and could negatively impact our business, both domestically and abroad. Developing new products and services may require substantial expenditures and such products and services may not gain market adoption, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our industry has been characterized by many rapid, significant, and disruptive products and services in recent years. We face intense and increasing competition from both established enterprises and early-stage companies. Our ability to grow our end-user base, capture new revenue streams, and monetize opportunities depends heavily on our ability to innovate and create successful new products and services, both independently and in collaboration with third-party partners. Developing new products and services may require substantial expenditures, divert management’s attention, consume considerable time and resources, and ultimately may not be successful. New product or service offerings could fail to attract customers and generate revenue. In addition, if new product or service offerings do not integrate effectively with our existing offerings, we may be unable to realize expected synergies or deliver enhanced utility for the Circle stablecoin ecosystem. If we fail to introduce new and improved products and services, or if such offerings are not favorably received or adopted by the market, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. 42 Table of Contents Any significant disruption in our or our third-party service providers’ or partners’ technology could result in a loss of customers or funds and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends on our ability to operate our service at high levels of reliability, scalability, and performance, including the ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions that occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. The proper functioning of our products and services, the ability of our customers to make and receive payments, and our ability to operate at a high level are dependent on our ability to access the blockchain networks underlying Circle stablecoins and other supported digital assets, for which access is dependent on our systems’ ability to access the internet. Further, the successful and continued operations of such blockchain networks will depend on a network of computers, miners, or validators, and their continued operations, all of which may be impacted by service interruptions. Our systems, the systems of our third-party service providers and partners, and certain digital asset and blockchain networks, have experienced from time to time and may experience in the future service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks or security breaches, insider threats, break-ins, sabotage, human error, vandalism, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, and other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. In addition, extraordinary site usage could cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Some of our systems, including systems of companies we have acquired or the systems of our third-party service providers and partners, are not fully redundant, and our or their disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all possible outcomes or events. If any of our systems, or those of our critical third-party service providers, are disrupted for any reason, our products and services may fail, resulting in unanticipated disruptions, slower response times, and delays in our services, including customers’ payments through their digital wallets (each, a “Circle Mint account”). This could lead to failed or unauthorized payments, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, loss of customer information, increased demand on limited customer support resources, customer claims, complaints with regulatory organizations, lawsuits, or enforcement actions. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential customers or partners to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce the use of our products and services. Any such developments could permanently harm our reputation and brands and could lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices. They ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses or banking relationships that we need to operate or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to our customers or their business partners or end-users, these customers or partners could seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses. Such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. In addition, we are continually improving and upgrading our information systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies is complex, expensive, time-consuming, and may not be successful. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new information systems and technologies or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do not operate as intended, it could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 43 Table of Contents Our customers’ funds and digital assets may fail to be adequately safeguarded by us or the third-party service providers upon whom we rely. Customer assets are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. We have also entered into service arrangements with third parties where we or third-party service providers receive and hold funds for the benefit of our customers. Some of the digital assets held in connection with our discontinued legacy products are maintained in accounts on third parties’ exchanges. Our and our third-party service providers’ abilities to manage and accurately safeguard these funds and digital assets require a high level of internal controls. As our business continues to grow and we expand our product and service offerings, we must continue to strengthen our associated internal controls and ensure that our third-party service providers do the same. Our success and the success of our product offerings require significant public confidence in our and our third-party service providers’ ability to properly manage digital asset balances and handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. In addition, we are dependent on our third-party service providers’ operations, liquidity, and financial condition for the proper maintenance, use, and safekeeping of these customer assets. Any failure by us or our third-party service providers to maintain the necessary controls or to manage customer digital assets and funds appropriately and in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements could result in reputational harm and significant financial losses, lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our and our third-party service providers’ products, and result in significant penalties and fines and additional restrictions, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We deposit, transfer, and hold in custody customer funds and digital assets in multiple jurisdictions. In each instance, we are required to safeguard customers’ assets using security controls that meet our regulatory obligations and also address the specific risks applicable to our hot and cold wallet storage systems as well as our financial management systems related to such custodial functions. We appropriately ledger, properly segregate, and maintain separate accounts for our corporate-held stablecoins and the reserve assets in respect of our customers’ stablecoins. Our security technology is designed to prevent, detect, and mitigate inappropriate access to our systems, by internal or external threats. We believe we have developed and maintained administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards. However, it is nevertheless possible that hackers, employees, or service providers acting contrary to our policies could circumvent these safeguards to improperly access our systems or documents, or the systems or documents of our third-party service providers or agents, and improperly access, obtain, or misuse customer digital assets and funds. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and they may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have obtained insurance coverage for such impropriety in amounts that we believe are appropriate for our business under our primary financial institution bond insurance (which, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, covers, among other things, theft by employees, unexplainable disappearance of electronic data processing media on our premises, and computer fraud and funds transfer fraud) and under our vault risk insurance (which, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, covers, among other things, dishonest and/or fraudulent acts and omissions of certain employees in finance, engineering, and custody operations roles with respect of private keys and/or authentication credentials). However, our insurance may not cover the extent of loss nor the nature of such loss, in which case we may be liable for the full amount of losses suffered, which could be greater than all of our assets. Our ability to maintain insurance is also subject to the insurance carriers’ ongoing underwriting criteria. Our insurance policies described above generally have one-year terms without automatic renewals. As a result, we must renew such policies annually or enter into new policies, which we may not be able to do on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, particularly as the digital assets insurance market is limited. In addition, any insurance that we maintain may be insufficient to protect us or our customers against all possible losses or source of losses, and such uninsured losses may exceed our remaining assets, which could cause a substantial 44 Table of Contents business disruption, adverse reputational impact, inability to compete with our competitors, and regulatory investigations, inquiries, or actions. Additionally, transactions undertaken through our websites or other electronic channels may create risks of fraud, hacking, unauthorized access or acquisition, and other deceptive practices. Any security incident resulting in a compromise of customer assets could result in substantial costs to us and require us to notify impacted customers and regulators of a possible or actual incident. Such incident may also expose us to regulatory enforcement actions (including substantial fines), limit our ability to provide services, subject us to litigation, impose significant financial losses, and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. In addition, although we hold at least an equivalent amount of fiat currency denominated assets for stablecoins in circulation, there is not complete certainty in a stablecoin holder’s claim to reserve assets in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency. See “Business—Treatment of reserve assets.” The loss or destruction of private keys required to access any digital assets held in custody for our own account or for our customers may be irreversible. Digital assets are generally controllable only by the possessor of the unique private key relating to the digital wallet in which the digital assets are held. While blockchain protocols typically require public addresses to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third party from accessing the digital assets held in such a wallet. To the extent that any of the private keys relating to wallets containing digital assets held for our own account or for our customers is lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised or unavailable, and no backup of the private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the digital assets held in the related wallet. Further, we cannot provide assurance that our wallet will not be hacked or compromised. Digital assets and blockchain technologies have been, and may in the future be, subject to cyberattacks or security breaches, hacking, or other malicious activities. Any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers’ digital assets could adversely affect our customers’ ability to access or sell their digital assets, require us to reimburse our customers for their losses, and subject us to significant financial losses in addition to losing customer trust in us and our products. The total value of digital assets in our possession and control is significantly greater than the total value of insurance coverage that would compensate us in the event of theft or other loss of funds. Our inability to maintain existing relationships with financial institutions and similar firms or to enter into new such relationships could impact our ability to offer services to customers. As of March 31, 2025, we held approximately 90% of USDC reserves in the Circle Reserve Fund, which is managed by BlackRock and custodied at BNY, with the remaining portion of USDC reserves held as cash at various banks in accounts that are titled FBO holders of USDC, primarily GSIBs. These banks may impose requirements or demand information from us regarding us, our customers, or our operations as a condition to our continued relationship, and such requirements or requests may become increasingly rigorous in the future as our business grows, which could be exacerbated by scrutiny over our industry. Complying with such requirements or requests may be costly and time-consuming and may divert management’s attention from other aspects of our business. If we are unable to fulfill such requirements or requests on a timely basis, or at all, we may be unable to maintain our existing banking relationships or establish new ones. Furthermore, given our business and industry is under heavy scrutiny from regulators and policymakers, we may face increased difficulty maintaining existing relationships or entering into new relationships with financial institutions. For example, the U.S. federal banking agencies have increased pressure on banks’ relationships with digital asset firms by, among other things, stating that deposits that represent reserves for stablecoins are subject to heightened liquidity and risk management risks. As our industry develops and becomes subject to increasing scrutiny, this risk may increase as well. If we are unable to maintain existing relationships with such financial institutions, we may not be able to enter into new relationships with other qualified financial institutions in a 45 Table of Contents timely manner, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to access reserves, honor redemptions, and offer other services to our customers. In addition, in order to offer our payments, payout, and wallet services to customers, we depend on various third-party payment systems and other partners. See “Business—Our platform, products, and ecosystem—The Circle stablecoin ecosystem” for examples of partners and parties in the Circle stablecoin ecosystem. Specifically, our offering of the payments, payout, and wallet services depends on our ability to offer card transaction processing, ACH transaction processing, and wire transfer processing services to our customers. In order to provide such transaction processing services, we have established relationships with financial institutions whereby such institutions sponsor us into the relevant payment networks (e.g., the card networks and the ACH). Our ability to offer these services depends on our ability to maintain existing sponsorship relationships and to establish new sponsorship relationships. Our regulatory status, recent statements by the U.S. federal banking agencies, and the status of Circle stablecoins and digital assets more generally may be an impediment to our ability to receive or obtain sponsorships from financial institutions, such as Mastercard and Visa. As our industry develops and becomes subject to increasing scrutiny, this risk may increase as well. Should our sponsorship partners cease providing such sponsorship, we would be at risk of being unable to provide the payment processing services that are core to our customer offering. Third parties upon which we rely to process transactions may refuse to process transactions adequately, breach their agreements with us, refuse to renew agreements on commercially reasonable terms, take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to our competitors. Some third parties that provide services to us may have or gain market power and be able to increase their prices to us without competitive constraint. In addition, there can be no assurance that third parties that provide services directly to us will continue to do so on acceptable terms, or at all, or will not suffer from outages to their systems. If any third parties were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We are subject to credit risks in respect of counterparties, including banks and other financial institutions. We are and will continue to be subject to the risk of actual or perceived deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions, especially banks holding reserves of Circle stablecoins. This is particularly the case in relation to receivables regarding settled payment transactions, and with respect to cash and cash equivalents held at financial institutions. We regularly maintain cash balances at banks in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. For example, we had material funds that we attempted to transfer out of SVB before it was placed into FDIC receivership. The failure of such a bank could result in our inability or delays or disruptions in our ability to access reserves and honor redemptions. Further, Circle stablecoin reserves held in omnibus structures at third-party financial institutions are not covered by FDIC insurance above applicable limits and are subject to risk of loss. One institution defaulting, failing a stress test, or requiring bail-in by its shareholders and/or creditors and/or bail-out by a government could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other institutions, as was seen during turmoil in the global banking system in 2023. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty or major financial institution may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by financial institutions to which we have an exposure. This risk resulting from the interdependence on financial institutions is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as industry payment systems and banks, with whom we interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk, particularly within the United States, could expose us to risk of loss, litigation, and potential liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise new funding and on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 46 Table of Contents We are exposed to transaction losses due to chargebacks as a result of fraud or uncollectibility. Our products and services may be paid for by various methods, including ACH, wire transfers, or credit and debit cards through payment processors, which exposes us to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds. These claims could arise from fraud, misuse, unintentional use, settlement delay, or other activities. Also, criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities, such as counterfeiting and fraud. If we are unable to collect such amounts from the customer, or if the customer refuses or is unable, due to bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us, we bear the loss for the amount of the chargeback or refund. While we have policies to manage and mitigate chargeback and fraud risks, there is no assurance that such policies will be effective. Our failure to limit chargebacks and fraudulent transactions could increase the number of refunds and chargebacks that we have to process. In addition, if the number of refunds and chargebacks increases, our payment processors could require us to increase reserves, impose penalties on us, charge additional fees, or terminate their relationships with us. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback and refund losses or cause us to incur other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If we are unable to maintain existing distribution and partnership arrangements or enter into additional distribution or partnership arrangements on less favorable financial terms, USDC and EURC in circulation and Circle’s financial results may be adversely affected. We have entered into, and expect to enter into additional, strategic distribution and partnership arrangements for USDC and EURC. However, there can be no assurance that our distribution partners will distribute and promote USDC and EURC at the levels that we expect or in a manner that aligns with our business objectives. USDC and EURC in circulation may be impacted by our ability to maintain our current distribution arrangements and enter into additional distribution arrangements in the future. If we are unable to maintain our existing distribution partnerships or enter into additional distribution arrangements on favorable terms, USDC and EURC in circulation and Circle’s financial results could be adversely impacted. In addition, in such collaborations, any deterioration in our relationships with our distribution partners, adverse changes in their financial stability, brand, or reputation, or shifts in their strategic priorities in favor of our competitors could negatively impact USDC or EURC in circulation and Circle’s financial results. Additionally, in the event that our distribution partners are entitled to an increasing percentage of our reserve income, our profitability and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Our inability to renew our marketplace and client contracts at favorable terms could harm our business. Failure to retain our existing customers could negatively impact our business and could lead to significant fluctuations in our results of operations. We may experience customer attrition as a result of several factors, including business closures, downward trends in the digital asset markets, transfers of customer accounts to our competitors, and account closures that we initiate. We cannot predict the level of attrition in the future and our revenues could decline as a result of higher-than-expected attrition. In addition, as our large customers typically have arrangements with multiple payment and asset storage services (primarily in order to mitigate against risks such as downtime, delayed response time, or default), these customers could shift business away at any given time without necessarily terminating their contracts. In addition, customers may seek price reductions when renewing, expanding, or changing their services with us and/or when their need for payment or asset storage services experiences significant volume changes. Customers may also seek more integrated or “bundled” offerings with a simplified pricing structure. If our contracts are terminated by our large customers or if our large customers shift business away—or if we are 47 Table of Contents unsuccessful in retaining contract terms that are favorable to us—our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. Our products and services may be exploited by our customers, employees, service providers, and other third parties to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, gambling, tax evasion, and scams. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to liability for illegal transactions conducted by our customers, employees, service providers, and other third parties. Although our service agreements with customers shift liabilities to customers in connection with fraudulent activities, examples of third-party transactions for which we could incur liability include fraudulent payments initiated by our customers, money laundering, gambling, tax evasion, and scams. Examples of fraud include when a party knowingly uses a stolen digital wallet or otherwise illicitly acquires access information to a digital wallet. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting, account takeover, and fraud. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. The use of our products or services for illegal or improper purposes could subject us to claims, individual and class action lawsuits, and government and regulatory investigations, prosecutions, enforcement actions, inquiries, or requests that could result in liability and reputational harm for us. Further, payment processors, such as Visa and Mastercard, have and could require us to terminate services to customers involved in such illegal activities. These payment processors could also charge us a fine in connection with a customer’s entry into their fraud monitoring programs. In addition, we are subject to the risk that our employees or service providers could commit fraudulent activity against us or our customers. Such misconduct could include engaging in improper or unauthorized transactions or activities, misappropriation of customer funds, misappropriation of information, failing to supervise other employees or service providers, or improperly using confidential information. To help us detect employee (including senior officers) and service provider misconduct, we have an overarching enterprise risk management framework that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that our employees and vendors support and adhere to a strong risk-based culture. This includes a third-party management program that focuses on enterprise-wide risks related to service providers in terms of misconduct, compliance, and reputational risks. In addition, our internal audit program provides independent review and control testing specific to our business that work to ensure that risk management, oversight, governance, and internal controls are operating effectively. These programs enable us to identify risks and test associated controls to prevent and detect employee and service provider misconduct. We employ various manual and automated ways to detect potential employee or third-party misconduct. Examples of these programs are a whistleblower policy and security controls that monitor suspicious activity. For our service providers, our risk management framework requires us to perform risk-based due diligence on service providers, such as AML screening. We also require annual AML and security training for all employees to help our employees identify and detect misconduct proactively. Our efforts to detect and monitor such transactions for compliance with law may require significant costs, and may not ultimately detect or deter all such transactions. Moreover, certain activity that may be legal in one jurisdiction may be illegal in another jurisdiction, and certain activities that are at one time legal may in the future be deemed illegal in the same jurisdiction. As a result, there is significant uncertainty and cost associated with detecting and monitoring transactions for compliance with local laws. In the event that a customer is found responsible for intentionally or inadvertently violating the laws in any jurisdiction, we may be subject to governmental inquiries or enforcement actions, prosecuted, or otherwise held secondarily liable for aiding or facilitating such activities. Changes in law have also increased the penalties for money transmitters, e-money issuers, broker-dealers, and alternative trading systems for certain illegal activities, and government authorities may consider increased or additional penalties from time to time. Owners of intellectual property rights or government authorities may seek to bring legal action against us for 48 Table of Contents involvement in the sale of infringing or allegedly infringing items. Any threatened or resulting claims could result in reputational harm, financial liabilities, loss of transaction volume, or increased costs that could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The risk of illegal activity may be heightened for digital assets, which are relatively new and, in many jurisdictions, lightly regulated or largely unregulated. Many types of digital assets have characteristics such as the speed with which transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain transactions, and encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions, which may make digital assets susceptible to use in illegal activity. Federal, state, and foreign regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies—such as the Department of Justice, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the IRS, and various state securities and financial regulators—investigate, issue subpoenas, make civil investigative demands, and take legal action against persons and entities alleged to be engaged in fraudulent schemes or other illicit activity involving digital assets. While we believe that our risk management and compliance framework is reasonably designed to detect significant illicit activities conducted by our potential or existing customers, we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect all illegal activity on our systems. If any of our customers use our products and services to further such illegal activities, our business could be adversely affected. Our compliance and risk management methods might not be effective. Our ability to comply with applicable complex and evolving laws, regulations, and rules is largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance of our legal, compliance, audit, and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified legal, compliance, and other risk management personnel. While we have devoted significant resources to develop policies and procedures to identify, monitor, and manage our risks, and expect to continue to do so in the future, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed in all market environments or against all types of risks. Our risk management policies and procedures rely on a combination of technical and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and failure. Some of our methods for managing risk are discretionary by nature and are based on internally developed controls, observed historical market behavior, and standard industry practices. These methods may not adequately prevent losses, particularly in the case of extreme market movements, which may be significantly greater than historical fluctuations in the market. Our risk management policies and procedures also may not adequately prevent losses if our testing and quality control practices are not effective in preventing failures. In addition, we may elect to adjust our risk management policies and procedures to allow for an increased risk tolerance, which could expose us to the risk of greater losses. Regulators periodically review our compliance with our own policies and procedures and with a variety of laws and regulations. See “Business—Regulatory policy landscape.” We have received in the past, and may from time to time receive additional, examination reports citing violations of rules and regulations and inadequacies in our existing compliance programs. Those reports may require us to enhance certain practices with respect to our compliance program—including due diligence, training, monitoring, reporting, and recordkeeping. We continue to enhance our compliance programs to address such findings, including enhancing our due diligence, monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping processes, and controls. If we fail to comply with these programs or do not adequately remediate certain findings, regulators may take a variety of actions that could impair our ability to conduct our business, including delaying, denying, withdrawing, or conditioning approval of our licenses or certain products and services. In addition, regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, or otherwise prohibit us from engaging in some of our business activities. In the case of 49 Table of Contents noncompliance or alleged noncompliance, we could be subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages which can be significant. Furthermore, we rely on third parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations. If these third parties fail to effectively provide these services, we may be subject to adverse consequences as described above. Legislation requiring stablecoin issuers to be banks or to be affiliated with banks could materially affect our business. While our money transmission licenses (“MTLs”) and money services business registration status subject us to regulations that govern material aspects of our business—such as how we commercialize Circle stablecoins, onboard customers, and maintain adequate reserves underlying Circle stablecoins—such regulation is not equivalent to the kind that governs regulated banking entities. The President’s Working Group on Financial Markets, together with the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”), issued a joint report on stablecoins in November 2021, which recommended that Congress promptly enact legislation to regulate stablecoin arrangements, including a requirement for stablecoin issuers to be insured depository institutions. The federal laws and regulations that would apply to us if we were to charter or acquire a bank, or be acquired by a banking entity, may include restrictions on non-stablecoin issuance activities, and capital, liquidity, and risk management requirements; restrictions on extensions of credit and affiliate transactions; and restrictions on dividend payments. To the extent we become subject to such regulation, or by virtue of new legislation, we may need to adjust certain of our operations to the new regulatory environment, which may cause us to adjust our business practices and materially increase our ongoing cost of regulatory compliance. The legislative proposals under active consideration by Congress permit both banks (through insured depository institution subsidiaries) and approved nonbank entities to issue stablecoins under a dual regulatory pathway for issuers to be licensed at the state or federal level. However, certain legislative proposals generally require issuers exceeding $10 billion in outstanding issuance to transition to federal oversight. To comply with such legislation, we would have to apply to the OCC and receive approval to be a Federal qualified nonbank payment stablecoin issuer, or either acquire or be acquired by a permitted payment stablecoin issuer, and there is a risk that we may not be able to do so, in which case we would not be able to continue issuing Circle stablecoins in the United States. We are in the process of engaging with the applicable state and federal prudential regulators to ensure that Circle would be ab... [truncated]