# Item 7

**Source**: 10-K (2024-12-31)
**Accession**: 0001679788-25-000022

---

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Th e following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” and “Coinbase” refer to Coinbase Global, Inc. and its c onsolidated subsidiaries. For all narrative provided in this Item 7, two numbers presented consecutively represent figures for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively, unless otherwise noted. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 can be found in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2024, which is incorporated by reference herein. 89 Table of Contents Executive Overview This executive overview of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations highlights selected information and does not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During 2024, we made progress against our goals of driving revenue growth, crypto utility, and regulatory clarity. We advanced the crypto economy by deepening institutional adoption, scaling international growth, and expanding real-world utility. Our investments in core products like derivatives and Coinbase One, as well as our focus on global expansion drove revenue growth, while innovations such as USDC rewards showcased the power of onchain finance. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our net revenue was $6.3 billion, including $4.0 billion in transaction revenue and $2.3 billion in subscription and services revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our net revenue was $2.9 billion, including $1.5 billion in transaction revenue and $1.4 billion in subscription and services revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our net income was $2.6 billion and Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our net income was $0.1 billion and Adjusted EBITDA was $1.0 billion. For 2025, we believe that we are well-positioned to drive revenue growth across all macroeconomic environments, and we remain committed to advancing regulatory clarity. Despite multiple Federal Funds Rate decreases in late 2024, future interest rate decreases are not certain. If they continue, they may materially impact our subscription and services and other revenue. We plan to dynamically adjust our expense base in order to be responsive to market conditions and revenue opportunities, increasing or decreasing it as needed, especially with respect to certain variable expenses. In the first quarter of 2025, we expect technology and development and general and administrative expenses to grow modestly as compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, primarily due to headcount growth and variable infrastructure and customer support expenses. Additionally, we expect sales and marketing expenses to grow, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, primarily due to expected higher USDC rewards expense and variable non-brand marketing spend. Key Business Metrics In addition to the measures presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements, we use the key business metrics listed below to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, and make strategic decisions: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 % MTUs (1) (in millions) 8.4 7.4 14 Assets on Platform (2) (in billions) $ 404 $ 191 112 Trading Volume (in billions) $ 1,162 $ 468 148 Net income (in millions) $ 2,579 $ 95 nm Adjusted EBITDA (3) (in millions) $ 3,348 $ 978 242 _____________ nm - not meaningful (1) Represents the annual average MTUs, calculated as the average of quarterly MTUs, which are derived from the average of each month’s MTUs in each respective quarter. Quarterly MTUs for the fourth quarter of 2024 and 2023, were 9.7 million and 7.0 million, respectively. (2) Represents Assets on Platform at December 31. (3) In the first quarter of 2024, we revised our definition of Adjusted EBITDA and recast the prior period for comparability . S ee the section titled “ Non-GAAP Financial Measure ” below for a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and an explanation for why we consider Adjusted EBITDA to be a helpful metric for investors. 90 Table of Contents Monthly Transacting Users We define a Monthly Transacting User (“MTU”) as a consumer who actively or passively transacts in one or more products on our platform at least once during the rolling 28-day period ending on the date of measurement. MTUs engage in transactions that generate both transaction revenue and subscription and services revenue. Revenue-generating transactions include active transactions, such as buying or selling crypto assets or passive transactions such as earning staking rewards and USDC rewards. MTUs also engage in transactions that are non-revenue generating, such as consumers sending and receiving crypto assets between wallets and off-platform accounts on a non-expedited basis. MTUs may overstate the number of unique consumers due to differences in product architecture or user behavior. MTUs increased for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to 2023, primarily due to a 1.3 million increase in trading users, influenced by overall crypto market sentiment and activity and higher average crypto asset prices. Additionally, we saw growth in users participating in our USDC rewards programs, offset in part by a decrease in staking only users as a result of updates we made to our staking service. Assets on Platform As a result of our decision to adopt SAB 122 as of December 31, 2024 on a retrospective basis, we will include an Assets on Platform (“AOP”) key business metric going forward to expand upon the details of the assets we are obligated to securely store. We define AOP as the total United States (“U.S.”) dollar equivalent value of USDC and crypto assets held or managed on behalf of customers in digital wallets on our platform, including our custody services but excluding assets for which the customer holds full or partial keys, calculated based on the market price on the date of measurement. Prior to SAB 122 adoption, SAB 121 safeguarding amounts included assets for which customers held full or partial keys. As customers are in control of those assets, we exclude them from our definition of AOP. AOP demonstrates the scale of balances held across our suite of products and services, the trust customers place in us to securely store their assets, and the underlying growth of the cryptoeconomy. AOP also represents our monetization opportunity for subscription products and services, including from the adoption and use of USDC, staking, custody, Prime Financing, and Coinbase One. AOP generate fees that are recorded as subscription and services revenue when customers engage with these products and services. For additional information on the adoption of SAB 122, see Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Change in accounting principle , of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table sets forth the value of AOP by asset (in thousands, except percentages): December 31, Change 2024 2023 % Bitcoin $ 235,377,653 $ 89,864,637 162 % Ethereum 54,209,118 39,762,180 36 % Solana 21,297,761 12,906,278 65 % Other crypto assets (1) 87,058,643 46,303,676 88 % USDC 6,091,015 2,367,276 157 % Total $ 404,034,190 $ 191,204,047 111 % __________________ (1) Includes various other crypto asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 5% of total AOP. 91 Table of Contents AOP at December 31, 2024 increased as compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in crypto asset prices, driven by broader crypto market sentiment and activity. Additionally, the growth in USDC balances is primarily attributable to the USDC rewards program, combined with deeper integration of USDC across our products. Trading Volume We define Trading Volume as the total U.S. dollar equivalent value of spot matched trades transacted between a buyer and seller through our platform during the period of measurement. Trading Volume does not include derivatives volume on our platform or trades executed on third-party venues. Trading Volume represents the product of the quantity of assets transacted and the trade price at the time the transaction was executed. As trading activity directly impacts transaction revenue, we believe this measure is a reflection of liquidity on our order books, trading health, and the underlying growth of the cryptoeconomy. Institutional customers incur lower fees per transaction than consumer customers and, as a result, the impact of changes in consumer Trading Volume on transaction revenue is more pronounced than the impact of changes in institutional Trading Volume. Generally, Trading Volume on our platform is primarily influenced by overall market dynamics, namely the price of crypto assets, crypto asset volatility, and macroeconomic conditions, and by our share of total crypto market spot trading volume. In periods of high crypto asset prices and crypto asset volatility, we have experienced correspondingly high levels of Trading Volume on our platform. Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 % Trading Volume (in billions) Consumer $ 221 $ 75 195 Institutional 941 393 139 Total Trading Volume $ 1,162 $ 468 148 Trading Volume by crypto asset Bitcoin 32 % 34 % (6) Ethereum 12 20 (40) USDT (1) 13 11 18 Other crypto assets (2) 43 35 23 Total 100% 100% ____________________________________ (1) USDT is a stablecoin issued by Tether Operations Limited. (2) No crypto assets other than those shown in this table individually represented more than 10% of our Trading Volume. For the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to 2023, Trading Volume increased reflecting an increase in both the total market and our market share in the U.S., where our business is concentrated: • Total market — Crypto Asset Volatility 1 increased 37% and average total crypto market capitalization increased 103%. These two macro inputs have historically been highly correlated with Trading Volume and are typically influenced by overall crypto market sentiment, activity in the crypto market, and changes in average crypto asset prices; and • Market share — Trading Volume growth outpaced the 105% growth in overall U.S. spot market trading volume, as we were able to capture a larger portion of the trading activity due to our competitive position and product strategy. 1 Crypto Asset Volatility represents our internal measure of crypto asset volatility in the market relative to prior periods. The volatility is based on intraday returns of a volume-weighted basket of all assets listed on our trading platform. These returns are used to compute the basket’s intraday volatility which is then scaled to a daily window. These daily volatility values are then averaged over the applicable time period as needed. 92 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table presents the Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands), as well as each component as a percentage of total revenue: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 $ % (1) $ % (1) Revenue: Net revenue $ 6,293,246 96 $ 2,926,540 94 Other revenue 270,782 4 181,843 6 Total revenue 6,564,028 100 3,108,383 100 Operating expenses: Transaction expense 897,707 14 420,705 14 Technology and development 1,468,252 22 1,324,541 43 Sales and marketing 654,444 10 332,312 11 General and administrative 1,300,257 20 1,074,308 35 Gains on crypto assets held for operations, net (71,725) (1) — — Crypto asset impairment, net — — (34,675) (1) Restructuring — — 142,594 5 Other operating expense, net 7,933 — 10,260 — Total operating expenses 4,256,868 65 3,270,045 105 Operating income (loss) 2,307,160 35 (161,662) (5) Interest expense 80,645 1 82,766 3 Gains on crypto assets held for investment, net (687,055) (10) — — Other income, net (29,074) — (167,583) (5) Income (loss) before income taxes 2,942,644 45 (76,845) (2) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 363,578 6 (171,716) (6) Net income $ 2,579,066 39 $ 94,871 3 __________________ (1) Figures presented above may not sum precisely due to rounding. For information on what is included in each of the line items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, including the associated business drivers and accounting, please see Part I, 