# Item 1

**Source**: 10-K (2024-12-31)
**Accession**: 0001679788-25-000022
**Compressed**: 50,015 → 19,947 chars (61% reduction)

---

ITEM 1. BUSINESS Coinbase Overview Our mission is to increase ec onomic freedom in the world. We are working to update the century-old financial system by providing a trusted platform that makes it easy for our customers to engage with crypto assets. We also provide critical infrastructure for the onchain economy and support builders who share our vision of bringing the world onchain. Onchain activities are interactions with the blockchain that take place in a broad category of blockchain-powered technologies, including self-custody wallets, decentralized apps and services, and open community engagement platforms. Together with the crypto community, we advocate for responsible rules to make the benefits of crypto available around the world. We differentiate ourselves from our competition with: • Trust : We are deeply invested in building the most secure and compliant platform. We hold customer assets one-to-one at all times. We do not act on customer assets, including staking, lending, rehypothecating, or engaging in fractional reserve banking, without customer consent. • Ease of use : We strive to build products that are easy to use and that our customers love. We obsess over quality and craft in our products. We strive to make buying, storing, and using crypto easy. Our Business We offer products and services to three customer groups: • Consumers : Retail customers seeking to invest in or trade crypto assets and engage onchain. • Institutions : Businesses that include market makers, asset managers, hedge funds, banks, wealth platforms, registered investment advisors, payment platforms, and public and private corporations. • Developers : Entrepreneurs, creators, merchants, crypto asset issuers, organizations and financial institutions, and other groups building decentralized protocols, applications, products, or other services onchain. Our platform serves as a trusted and compliant on-ramp to the onchain economy and enables our users to engage in a wide variety of activities with their crypto assets in both our own proprietary and third-party product experiences enabled by access to decentralized applications. Our business consists of 7 Table of Contents products that we monetize through transaction fees, such as our consumer trading product suite, as well as subscription products and services, such as our stablecoin products. We describe these products below. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will refer to our full suite of products and offerings as our platform or platforms. Transaction products Consumer trading Our platform is designed to serve a wide variety of consumers, whether they are buying their first crypto asset or are advanced traders. We offer two trading experiences: • Simple trade : Our simple trading experience offers customers the ability to buy, sell, and convert crypto assets using the basic interface of our platform, and includes value-added services such as fixed price quotes and recurring trades. Simple trading focuses on consumers of all experience levels who are prioritizing ease of use. • Advanced trade : Our advanced trading experience offers traders access to spot and derivatives order books, real-time market information through interactive charts, a live trade history on the advanced trade view, and other trading tools. Advanced trading focuses on sophisticated traders who are prioritizing a robust set of features to meet their more complex needs and higher volume. We generate fees from consumers trading on our platform, including through volume-based transaction fees and a spread depending on the type of trade. Simple trading and advanced trading fees differ due to both the typical nature of the transactions and unique benefits of each offering. Generally, simple trading fees are higher than those on advanced trading because advanced traders typically trade at higher volumes than simple traders. Prime Trading Coinbase Prime is our full-service prime brokerage platform, where our institutional customers can access deep pools of liquidity across a network of trading venues. We offer volume-based pricing and charge a transaction fee for executed trades. Markets We provide market infrastructure in the form of trading venues for customers to trade spot and derivatives. We currently provide access to three trading venues: the Coinbase Exchange, the Coinbase International Exchange, and the Coinbase Derivatives Exchange. These markets generate revenue by charging a transaction fee for executed trades. Base Protocol Base is an L2 Ethereum blockchain offering fast, cheap, global onchain transactions. In 2024, Base reduced median transaction fees by more than 90% to enable sub-one cent median transactions. Base’s goal is to bring one million developers and one billion users onchain to build a global economy. Base aspires to be the best place to build applications, create content, and earn money onchain. Coinbase generates revenue from sequencer fees paid each time a transaction is processed on the Base blockchain. Coinbase Wallet Coinbase Wallet is a self-custodial wallet software product, which we offer globally. Coinbase Wallet enables users to engage and transact with the full universe of Dapps and actively engage in the onchain economy without the need for a centralized intermediary. Customers can also link their Coinbase account to their Coinbase Wallet to more easily transfer assets between the two. In 2024, Coinbase launched “smart wallet,” which is an improved self-custody technology that enables instant onboarding with no separate app or extension, and no need to memorize a seed phrase. Coinbase Wallet now includes smart 8 Table of Contents wallet compatibility. A benefit of Coinbase Wallet is that consumers have sole control over their private keys and/or seed phrase, which are stored directly on their mobile devices or personal storage accounts and not with a centralized entity. Because the private key is unilaterally controlled by the user, Coinbase is unable to assist in recovery in the event a user loses their key or seed phrase. Subscription products and other services Stablecoins Stablecoins play a key role in updating the financial system and advancing economic freedom by combining the benefits of crypto rails, which are global, cheap, and fast, with an asset that is stable relative to fiat currencies. We offer a variety of stablecoins denominated in multiple fiat currencies on our platform, and we continue to explore partnerships with a number of stablecoin issuers to expand our offerings. In 2018, we partnered with Circle Internet Financial, LLC (“Circle”) to launch USDC, with the goal of driving global, mainstream adoption of stablecoins. Circle and its affiliate, Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS, are the issuers of USDC, a stablecoin redeemable on a one-to-one basis for U.S. dollars, and Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS is the issuer of EURC, a stablecoin redeemable on a one-to-one basis for Euros. In August 2023, we entered into an updated arrangement with Circle to (i) support USDC; (ii) help drive long-term success of the stablecoin ecosystem; and (iii) share in the economics of the reserves backing stablecoins in circulation both on and off our platform (the “Circle Agreement”). Pursuant to the Circle Agreement, Circle pays us for our role in the growth of USDC: the greater the proportion of USDC in circulation generally and on our platform, the greater our revenue generated under the Circle Agreement. The Circle Agreement has an initial three-year term. Upon completion of the initial term, we and Circle will discuss in good faith whether any modifications to the Circle Agreement are warranted. If such modifications are not agreed upon, the Circle Agreement will automatically renew for additional three-year terms unless we or Circle fail to meet ongoing obligations under the Circle Agreement. We and Circle may, , enter into arrangements with third parties approved by both us and Circle (such third parties, “approved participants”) that provide for fees to be paid to such approved participants to increase the circulation of stablecoins subject to the Circle Agreement. In anticipation of such arrangements, in November 2024, we and Circle entered into a supplement to the Circle Agreement, pursuant to which we and Circle will agree upon the fees that such third parties are eligible to receive and the undertakings to be required of them upon becoming an approved participant. We have filed a copy of the Circle Agreement and its 2024 supplement as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to provide investors with additional information about this partnership. Historically, we have observed that customers holding USDC on our platform are more likely to use other products such as trading. Therefore, where permitted, we pay rewards to both consumer and institutional customers who hold USDC to incentivize on-platform balances and deeper engagement with our product suite. In 2024, we began paying rewards onchain to customers holding USDC balances in Coinbase Wallet. Staking Staking is one of our most popular services. Certain blockchain protocols, such as Ethereum and Solana, rely on staking to validate blockchain transactions, an essential operation to these protocols’ operations and an alternative consensus mechanism to mining. Network participants can designate a certain amount of their crypto assets on the network to validate transactions and earn rewards. Today, many users choose to outsource the technical processes involved in staking by staking through a service provider. We provide an onchain staking service, which allows our customers to stake their assets with a few clicks. Our customers maintain full ownership of their crypto assets while earning staking rewards. Customers who stake their assets receive compensation, paid out by applicable blockchain protocols, in 9 Table of Contents the form of the network’s crypto asset. The rewards rates, expressed as an annual percentage yield, vary by asset. In return for the services we provide, we earn a fixed percentage commission on all staking rewards received. Because staking rewards depend on the relevant protocol and network conditions, the estimated rewards rate for each asset made available for staking is displayed on our website and through our platform, and is calculated by periodically consulting onchain data to determine the total amount. We only facilitate staking of a consumer’s crypto assets in response to a direct instruction from that consumer, and the staked crypto assets remain the property of the consumer and in our custody while staked. According to certain protocol rules, staked crypto assets cannot be sold or transferred while they remain staked, and we do not use or allocate consumers’ staked crypto assets for any other purpose. Subject to jurisdiction, we support eight staking assets through our platform for consumers as of December 31, 2024: Cardano (ADA), Avalanche (AVAX), Cosmos (ATOM), Polkadot (DOT), Ethereum (ETH), MATIC (POL), Solana (SOL), and Tezos (XTZ). As of December 31, 2024, approximately $15.2 billion worth of these assets were held on behalf of individual consumers staked through our platform, as adjusted to USD. For our institutional customers, our staking process varies by customer. In addition to operating our own validator nodes to provide staking services, we utilize third-party service providers to operate validator nodes on our customers’ behalf. Institutional customers receive rewards directly from the protocol as we do not stake on behalf of these customers. The fees we charge to institutional customers depend on the customer agreement and the selected service. As of December 31, 2024, over $8.1 billion worth of assets were staked by institutional customers through Coinbase Prime, as adjusted to USD. We also operate a cbETH token wrapping service. cbETH is an Ethereum-based “wrapped staking token” that represents ownership of ETH staked through our platform. Eligible customers can obtain cbETH tokens by wrapping their staked ETH or by purchasing cbETH tokens on our exchange or on third-party exchanges. A cbETH holder can sell or transfer their cbETH within the Coinbase app or send cbETH to a self-custody wallet or to other addresses on the Ethereum blockchain. Selling or otherwise transferring cbETH automatically transfers ownership of the underlying staked ETH, along with any rewards earned. There are risks associated with our staking services, which are described in the risk factor in the section titled “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: “ We may suffer losses due to staking, delegating, and other related services provided to our customers. ” Custody We offer an institutional-grade custody platform with a highly secure cold storage solution both within the United States and globally. We charge institutions a separate fee based on the total assets stored in custody on our platform. For example, we serve as a custodian for several Bitcoin and Ethereum ETF issuers. In 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) approved 11 spot Bitcoin ETF applications, nine of which partner with Coinbase, and nine Ethereum ETF applications, eight of which partner with Coinbase. We do not charge our consumers a separate fee to safely store their crypto assets on our platform. We discuss our custodial practices for both institutions and consumers in further detail below. Coinbase One Coinbase One is a consumer subscription product for which consumers pay a monthly or annual fee to unlock a variety of benefits, including limited reduced transaction fee trading, higher staking and USDC rewards than non-Coinbase One subscribers, priority customer service support, and offers from third-party partners. In 2024, we launched an additional subscription tier, Coinbase One Premium, offering consumers enhanced benefits, including unlimited zero trading fees on simple trading and concierge support for a higher subscription fee. 10 Table of Contents Institutional financing Financing is an increasingly important offering to our institutional customers. We offer integrated financing products and services to institutional customers that meet our credit criteria to access liquidity for their hedging, trading, and working capital needs. Our lending product set includes tools to allow clients to trade in real time, products that enable leverage and short access across our Prime and Markets offerings, and structured loans supporting client working capital and other needs. In addition to lending, we borrow fiat and crypto assets, including USDC, from third parties, including eligible institutional customers, to facilitate our financing products. We also offer a managed lending product for eligible institutional customers under our Agency Lending offering. The terms of our lending and borrowing arrangements may vary modestly from customer to customer. For additional information, see Note 4. Collateralized Arrangements and Financing , of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Risk Factors—We provide secured loans to our customers, which exposes us to credit risks and may cause us to incur financial or reputational harm included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Coinbase developer platform Our developer platform combines a suite of developer tools to enable crypto developers to build in the onchain ecosystem. We offer APIs to simplify a variety of key activities, including crypto payments and trading, data access, staking, and more. Coinbase Developer Platform enables developers to build crypto into their products faster and to simplify how they interact with blockchains. Trusted crypto platform Coinbase is the most trusted crypto platform. We place great importance on securely storing crypto assets, and we have policies and procedures to help ensure the proper storing of the crypto assets we hold on behalf of our customers and for our own investment and operating purposes. When customers use our platform, their assets remain their assets. We store crypto assets using proprietary technology and operational processes. Crypto assets are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency; however, we have worked hard to securely store our customers’ crypto assets and our own crypto assets for investment and operational purposes with legal and operational protections. Further, we appropriately ledger, properly segregate, and maintain separate accounts for our corporate crypto assets and customers’ crypto assets. Additionally, with respect to Coinbase entities that provide cold storage custody services, such as Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (“CCTC”) and Coinbase Custody International Limited, crypto assets are held separately in dedicated addresses and ledgered using a proprietary combination of hardware security modules. For Coinbase entities that provide crypto trading services, such as Coinbase, Inc., crypto assets are held in an omnibus manner on the blockchain and separately recorded using a ledger system. Additionally, as a U.S. public company, we are required to undergo annual audits and quarterly reviews, which, among other things, require that our independent registered public accounting firm reviews and audits our internal controls and reconciliation processes. Moreover, our various user, custody, and client agreements outline the applicability of Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”) Article 8 to custodied crypto assets. UCC Article 8 provides that financial assets held by Coinbase for its customers are not property of Coinbase and not subject to claims of our general creditors. New customers must meet some minimum criteria to engage on our platforms. When signing up for an account on our platform, among other requirements, consumer, and institutional customers must 11 Table of Contents certify that they are at least eighteen (18) years of age (if a natural person), agree to a user agreement and privacy policy, and satisfy the requirements of our robust know-your-customer (“KYC”) program. Our products, services and educational offerings incorporate a holistic, customer-centric set of digital engagement practices, including educational content and notifications, which are designed, in part, to promote financial literacy and awareness and to provide customers with guidance and information to help them make better informed decisions about their crypto activity. Examples of these offerings include, among others: (i) educational materials, including but not limited to an online collection of how-to guides and tutorials, a crypto developments newsletter, Coinbase Bytes, and our learning rewards program, a video content-driven educational platform available on our Coinbase app and our website, through which customers can earn small rewards, paid out in cryptocurrency, upon successful completion of a video and a short quiz on a range of topics related to the cryptoeconomy, (ii) in-app engagement, including features designed to enable consumers to start small and build crypto asset holdings with confidence over time, including through rewards to customers in connection with the completion of certain milestones, (iii) sweepstakes, and (iv) differentiated marketing, including paid digital and social media marketing campaigns, as well as email campaigns, search engage optimization, in-app banners, push and pop-up notifications, paid search marketing, and affiliate marketing. For additional information, see Risk Factors—Laws and regulations regarding conflicts of interest associated with the use of predictive data analytics, digital engagement practices, and similar technologies, if adopted and found to be applicable to our business, may re...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 50,015 字符 → 19,900 字符 ...]