# Item 1

**Source**: 10-Q (2025-09-30)
**Accession**: 0001679788-25-000208
**Compressed**: 41,874 → 19,947 chars (53% reduction)

---

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2025 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ $ Restricted cash and cash equivalents USDC Customer custodial funds Crypto assets held for operations Loan receivables Crypto assets held as collateral Crypto assets borrowed Accounts receivable, net Marketable investments Other current assets Total current assets Crypto assets held for investment Strategic investments Deferred tax assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets $ $ Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities: Customer custodial fund liabilities $ $ Current portion of long-term debt Crypto asset borrowings Obligation to return collateral Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $ par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at each of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024 Class A and B common stock, $ par value; (Class A , Class B ) shares authorized at September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024; (Class A , Class B ) shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2025 and (Class A , Class B ) shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( ) Retained earnings Total stockholders’ equity Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 5 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Revenue: Net revenue $ $ $ $ Other revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Transaction expense Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Gains on crypto assets held for operations, net ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) Other operating expense (income), net ( ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense (Gains) losses on crypto assets held for investment, net ( ) ( ) ( ) Other expense (income), net ( ) ( ) ( ) Income before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ( ) Net income $ $ $ $ Net income attributable to common stockholders: Basic $ $ $ $ Diluted $ $ $ $ Net income per share: Basic $ $ $ $ Diluted $ $ $ $ Weighted-average shares of common stock used to compute net income per share: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 6 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In thousands) (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net income $ $ $ $ Other comprehensive income: Translation adjustment Income tax effect ( ) ( ) Translation adjustment, net of tax Comprehensive income $ $ $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 7 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (In thousands) (unaudited) Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Common Stock Shares Amount Total Balance at July 1, 2025 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ Common stock issued as consideration for business combination — — Common stock issued in connection with equity awards — — — Common stock withheld for net share settlement of equity awards ( ) — ( ) — — ( ) Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) — — — — Purchases of capped calls — — ( ) — — ( ) Other comprehensive income — — — — Net income — — — — Balance at September 30, 2025 $ $ $ $ $ Balance at July 1, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ Common stock issued in connection with equity awards — — — Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) — — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — Net income — — — — Balance at September 30, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 8 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (In thousands) (unaudited) Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Common Stock Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2025 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ Common stock issued as consideration for business combination — — Common stock issued in connection with equity awards — — — Common stock withheld for net share settlement of equity awards ( ) — ( ) — — ( ) Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) — — — — Purchases of capped calls — — ( ) — — ( ) Other comprehensive income — — — — Net income — — — — Balance at September 30, 2025 $ $ $ $ $ Balance at January 1, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ Cumulative-effect adjustment due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, net of tax — — — — Common stock issued in connection with equity awards, net of stock options repurchases — — — Common stock withheld for net share settlement of equity awards ( ) — ( ) — — ( ) Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) — — — — Purchases of capped calls — — ( ) — — ( ) Other comprehensive income — — — — Net income — — — — Balance at September 30, 2024 $ $ $ ( ) $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 9 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ $ Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Gains on crypto assets held for operations, net ( ) ( ) Gains on crypto assets held for investment, net ( ) ( ) (Gains) losses on investments, net ( ) Other operating activities, net Net changes in operating assets and liabilities ( ) ( ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ( ) Cash flows from investing activities Fiat loans originated ( ) ( ) Proceeds from repayment of fiat loans Business combinations, net of cash acquired ( ) Purchases of crypto assets held for investment ( ) ( ) Dispositions of crypto assets held for investment Other investing activities, net ( ) ( ) Net cash used in investing activities ( ) ( ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuances of convertible senior notes, net Purchases of capped calls ( ) ( ) Customer custodial fund liabilities ( ) ( ) Fiat received as collateral Fiat received as collateral returned ( ) ( ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ( ) ( ) Other financing activities, net Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents ( ) Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ $ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 10 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 11 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) million at these venues, including $ million in cash, $ million in crypto assets, and $ million in restricted cash. As of December 31, 2024, the Company held $ million in cash at these venues. USDC The Company holds USDC, a stablecoin redeemable on a one-to-one basis for U.S. dollars and issued by Circle Internet Financial, LLC (“Circle”) and its affiliate, Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS. USDC is accounted for as a financial instrument in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Circle reported that, as of September 30, 2025, underlying reserves were held in cash, short-duration U.S. Treasuries, and overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreements within segregated accounts for the benefit of USDC holders. billion, consisting of the following (in thousands): Class A common stock of the Company (1) Total purchase consideration $ __________________ 12 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) million in cash subject to an indemnity escrow that expires 15 months after the acquisition date. In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations (“ASC 805”), the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method. Intangible assets Crypto assets held for investment Deferred tax assets and liabilities, net ( ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Other assets and liabilities, net ( ) Net assets acquired $ The fair values of acquired assets and liabilities have been determined on a provisional basis, primarily as it relates to intangible assets and deferred taxes, given the proximity of the acquisition to the reporting date, pending finalization of the determination of the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities. Any changes in the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) may result in adjustments to goodwill. The goodwill is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce as well as the anticipated operational synergies from the integration of Deribit’s trading platform with the Company’s existing platform. The goodwill is expected to be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. Acquired developed technology Trade name Total identifiable intangible assets acquired $ The customer relationships intangible asset represents the fair value of future projected cash flows that will be derived from existing customers of Deribit and was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method. The present value of projected future cash flows included significant judgment and assumptions regarding projected future revenues, attrition rates, and the discount rate. 13 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) $ $ $ Institutional, net Other transaction revenue, net Total transaction revenue Subscription and services revenue Stablecoin revenue (1) Blockchain rewards Interest and finance fee income (2) Other subscription and services revenue Total subscription and services revenue Total net revenue Other revenue Corporate interest and other income (1) Total other revenue Total revenue $ $ $ $ __________________ (1) Amounts represent revenue that is not accounted for as revenue from contracts with customers, as defined in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). (2) Amounts primarily represent revenue that is not accounted for as revenue from contracts with customers, as well as an immaterial amount of finance fee income that is accounted for as revenue from contracts with customers. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, one counterparty accounted for more than % of total revenue in each period, as represented by Stablecoin revenue in the table above. Revenue by geographic location $ $ $ International (2) Total revenue $ $ $ $ __________________ (1) Nearly all revenue that is not accounted for as revenue from contracts with customers, as defined in ASC 606, is with counterparties in the U.S. (2) No country accounted for more than 10% of Total revenue. 14 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) $ Crypto asset loan receivables Total loan receivables (1) $ $ Customer loans not meeting recognition criteria USDC $ $ __________________ (1) Includes an immaterial amount of fiat and crypto asset trade finance receivables as of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had four and two counterparties, respectively, each of whom accounted for more than % of the Company’s recognized Loan receivables. As of both of these dates, the Company also had three counterparties, each of whom accounted for more than % of the Company’s customer loans that did not meet the recognition criteria. As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the collateral requirements for all loans outstanding, including customer loans not meeting recognition criteria, ranged from % to % of the fair value of the loan. allowance, write-offs, or recoveries were recognized against loan receivables or customer loans not meeting recognition criteria during the periods presented, and none of these loans were past due. N/A N/A $ Bitcoin $ $ Ethereum Other crypto assets (2) nm Crypto assets held as collateral $ $ Total recognized held as collateral $ $ __________________ nm - not meaningful (1) Fiat collateral held is recognized within Cash and cash equivalents in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost basis and units are not required disclosure and are therefore labeled N/A. (2) Includes various other crypto asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 5% of the fair value of total Crypto assets held as collateral. 15 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) $ USDC Crypto assets Total customer collateral not recognized as collateral $ $ Borrowings and related collateral $ $ $ $ Ethereum Other crypto assets (1) nm nm Total borrowed $ $ $ $ Crypto asset borrowings Bitcoin $ $ $ $ Ethereum Other crypto assets (1) nm nm Total borrowings $ $ $ $ __________________ nm - not meaningful (1) Includes various other crypto asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 5% of the fair value of total Crypto assets borrowed or total Crypto asset borrowings, as applicable. As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the weighted average annual fees on these borrowings were % and %, respectively. $ Assets pledged as collateral not meeting derecognition criteria USDC $ $ 16 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) $ $ $ $ Ethereum Solana Other crypto assets (1) nm nm Total held for operations $ $ $ $ __________________ nm - not meaningful (1) Includes various other crypto asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 5% of the fair value of total Crypto assets held for operations. $ Customer fee revenue receivable Other accounts receivable Gross accounts receivable Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ( ) ( ) Total accounts receivable, net $ $ As of September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had two and one counterparties, respectively, each of whom accounted for more than % of the Company’s Accounts receivable, net. $ $ $ $ Ethereum Other crypto assets (1) nm nm Total held for investment $ $ $ $ __________________ nm - not meaningful (1) Includes various other crypto asset balances, none of which individually represented more than 5% of the fair value of total Crypto assets held for investment. million of Crypto assets held for investment subject to selling restrictions that are time-based and lift between 2025 and 2029. 17 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) Additions due to acquisitions Balance at September 30, 2025 $ There was no impairment recognized against goodwill at the beginning or end of the periods presented, and no measurement period adjustments during the periods presented. Intangible assets, net $ ( ) $ $ $ ( ) $ Acquired developed technology ( ) ( ) Trade name and other ( ) ( ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Licenses and other — N/A — N/A Total $ $ ( ) $ $ $ ( ) $ The effects of amortization of Intangible assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2025 2024 Technology and development $ $ $ $ Sales and marketing General and administrative Total amortization expense $ $ $ $ There were no material impairment charges associated with these assets during these periods. The Company estimates that there is no significant residual value related to these amortizing intangible assets. 18 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total expected future amortization expense $ % 2026 Convertible Notes due June 1, 2026 % $ $ ( ) $ $ % 2028 Senior Notes due October 1, 2028 % ( ) % 2029 Convertible Notes due October 1, 2029 % ( ) % 2030 Convertible Notes due April 1, 2030 % ( ) % 2031 Senior Notes due October 1, 2031 % ( ) % 2032 Convertible Notes due October 1, 2032 % ( ) Total $ $ ( ) $ $ December 31, 2024 % 2026 Convertible Notes due June 1, 2026 % $ $ ( ) $ $ % 2028 Senior Notes due October 1, 2028 % ( ) % 2030 Convertible Notes due April 1, 2030 % ( ) % 2031 Senior Notes due October 1, 2031 % ( ) Total $ $ ( ) $ $ __________________ billion of % convertible senior notes due 2029 (the “2029 Convertible Notes”), which included the full exercise by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase an additional $ million aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Convertible Notes, pursuant to an indenture, dated August 8, 2025 between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “2029 Indenture”). Sold privately to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the 2029 Convertible Notes do not bear regular interest or accrete principal and mature on October 1, 2029, unless converted or repurchased earlier. The Company may pay special interest on the 2029 Convertible Notes under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the 2029 Indenture. 19 Table of Contents Coinbase Global, Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) per share. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the 2029 Indenture. Holders may convert the 2029 Convertible Notes at any time before the close of business on the business day immediately preceding July 2, 2029, only if specific price or event conditions are met or certain corporate events occur, or at any time from, and including, July 2, 2029, until the close of business on the second trading day immediately prior to the maturity date. The Company classifies the 2029 Convertible Notes wholly as long-term debt, as the conversion features do not require separate accounting. billion of % convertible senior notes due 2032 (the “2032 Convertible Notes”), which included the full exercise by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase an additional $ million aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Convertible Notes, pursuant to an indenture, dated August 8, 2025 between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “2032 Indenture”). Sold privately to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, the 2032 Convertible Notes do not bear regular interest or accrete principal and mature on October 1, 2032, unless converted, repurchased, or redeemed earlier. The Company may pay special interest on the 2032 Convertible Not...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 41,874 字符 → 19,900 字符 ...]