# Item 1

**Source**: 10-K (2024-12-31)
**Accession**: 0001099590-25-000007
**Compressed**: 31,939 → 19,947 chars (38% reduction)

---

ITEM 1. BUSINESS MercadoLibre, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries “us”, “we”, “our” or the “Company”) is the leading online commerce and fintech ecosystem in Latin America. Our e-commerce platform is the leader in the region based on gross merchandise volume ("GMV"), and our fintech platform is the leader in monthly active users ("MAUs") among fintech companies in Argentina, Chile and Mexico, and the second largest in Brazil. Mercado Libre's e-commerce platform is present in 18 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay and El Salvador) and our fintech platform, Mercado Pago, is present in 8 countries (Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Ecuador). Our ecosystem provides consumers and merchants with a complete portfolio of services to enable buying and selling online and the processing of payments online and offline, as well as offering a wide array of simple day-to-day financial services. We offer our users an ecosystem of integrated e-commerce and digital financial services, which includes: the Mercado Libre Marketplace, the Mercado Pago fintech platform, the Mercado Envios logistics service, the Mercado Ads solution and the Mercado Libre Classifieds service. Our e-commerce platform provides buyers and sellers with a robust and safe environment that fosters the development of a large e-commerce community in Latin America, a region with a population of over 650 million people where penetration of e-commerce over total retail significantly lags benchmarks such as the United States of America ("U.S."), the U.K. and China. We believe that we offer world-class technological and commercial solutions that address the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating a digital commerce platform in Latin America. The Mercado Libre Marketplace is a user-friendly online commerce platform that can be accessed through our mobile app or website. Third-party sellers ("3P") account for most of the GMV transacted on the Marketplace. We complement this by selling directly to consumers on a first-party basis ("1P") in selected categories where we can enhance price competitiveness and assortment; this accounts for less than 10% of GMV. The Marketplace has an extensive assortment of products, with a wide range of categories including consumer electronics, apparel and beauty, home goods, automotive accessories, toys, books and entertainment and consumer packaged goods. We also have a selection of international products available, primarily from sellers in China and the U.S., through our cross-border trade (“CBT”) operations. Our users can also list vehicles, properties and services they are looking to sell via Mercado Libre Classifieds. These listings differ from our Marketplace listings because we charge placing fees only, not final value fees. Mercado Envios is a logistics solution that is one of the value-added services that we offer to our sellers and buyers on our platform. The logistics services we offer are an integral and crucial part of our value proposition as they reduce friction between buyers and sellers, allow us to have greater control over the full user experience and enable faster deliveries at a more competitive cost than would otherwise be available with third-party carriers. Sellers that use Mercado Envios are eligible to access shipping subsidies that enable free or discounted shipping for consumers that buy sellers' goods on our Marketplace. Our logistics network is built around fulfillment centers (which accounts for more than half of shipments), where sellers place their inventory in our warehouses, and cross-docking, where we collect items sold from sellers directly or via a network of thousands of partner stores ("MELI Places") where sellers drop off sold items that need to be fed into our logistics network. MELI Places are also enabled for pick up of items purchased and processing of returns. Our transportation network includes dedicated aircraft, trucks and thousands of last-mile delivery vans, the vast majority of which are owned and operated by our third-party carriers. Our advertising platform, Mercado Ads, is another value-added service that we offer to sellers on our platform and brands both on- and off-platform. The platform enables sellers and brands to access the millions of consumers that browse and purchase on our Marketplace, as well as the first-party data that all of these engagements generate. This enables advertisers to target highly granular audiences. The products we offer are Product Ads (sponsored listings), Brands Ads (product carrousels), Display Ads (banners) and Video Ads, the last two of which we are able to offer inventory off-platform as well as on our own Marketplace and fintech platform. Mercado Shops is a service we offer to sellers to complement their business on our Marketplace. It is a digital storefront solution that allows sellers to set up, manage and promote their own digital stores, whilst using Mercado Libre's logistics, advertising and payments services. In January 2025, we announced the migration of Mercado Shops to "Mi Página," which offers similar functionalities but is fully embedded within our Marketplace (without an external storefront). Mercado Shops will be discontinued as of December 31, 2025. Mercado Pago was initially designed to facilitate transactions on Mercado Libre’s Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allowed our users to securely, easily and promptly send and receive payments. This brought trust to the merchant-consumer relationship. In the countries in which Mercado Pago operates, it processes and settles all transactions on our Marketplace. Beyond facilitating Marketplace transactions, over the years we have expanded our array of Mercado Pago services to third parties outside Mercado Libre’s Marketplace. We began first by satisfying the growing demand for online-based payment solutions by providing merchants the necessary digital payment infrastructure for e-commerce to flourish in Latin America. As we deployed our digitally-based payments solutions, we also observed that individuals and micro, small and medium- sized enterprises (“MSMEs”) in the physical world were being underserved or overlooked by incumbent payment providers and financial institutions in Latin America, and that a very large number of retail transactions were still being settled in cash throughout the region. Consequently, we deepened our fintech offering by launching payments processing services for offline merchants through the sale of point-of-sale ("POS") devices and quick response ("QR") codes. Mercado Pago also offers an array of day-to-day financial services for consumers and merchants through our digital account. The digital account initially offered transfers and simple payments, but today the services offered are much broader. 5 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents In our main markets, we currently offer the following solutions: ■ Digital payment solutions for utilities, mobile phone top up, peer-to-peer payments and more through our digital account; ■ Pre-paid cards and debit cards for users to spend and withdraw their account balances from their Mercado Pago digital account; ■ Credit cards and merchant and consumer credits, both on and off the Mercado Libre Marketplace; ■ Insurance products such as extended warranties, personal accident cover, theft and damage policies, among others; ■ Savings and investment products to invest balances stored on Mercado Pago digital accounts; and ■ A cryptocurrency buy, hold and sell feature of our digital account in Brazil, Mexico and Chile, for users to buy, hold and sell selected global cryptocurrencies and stablecoins. Our lending solution is available in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Chile. We offer credits mostly to merchants and consumers that already form part of our user base, many of whom have historically been underserved or overlooked by financial institutions and therefore suffer from a lack of access to credit. Facilitating credit is a key service overlay that enables us to further strengthen the engagement and lock-in rate of our users, while also generating additional touchpoints and incentives to use Mercado Pago as an end-to-end financial solution. Our distribution capabilities and in-depth understanding of our customers’ behavior and merchants’ sales on the Mercado Libre Marketplace combined with machine learning ("ML") and artificial intelligence ("AI") algorithms have allowed us to develop our own proprietary credit risk models with unique data that differentiate our scoring from traditional financial institutions. These models enable us to understand and better predict the behavior of our user and originate loans while maintaining acceptable levels of uncollectible debts. We offer credit lines to merchants that sell on our Marketplace and merchants that use our online, POS and QR payments processing services. Because our online merchants’ business flows through Mercado Pago, we are able to collect principal and interest payments from their existing sales on Mercado Libre’s Marketplace, meaningfully reducing the risk of uncollectability on the loans we originate to our merchants. Consumers can access credit lines once we score and approve them through our proprietary models. Loans can be used for a purchase on the Mercado Libre Marketplace, or on third party sites that use our payments processing technology. Since 2019, we also extend personal loans to recurring consumer credit borrowers, allowing them to buy products and services outside of our platform via the Mercado Pago digital account. In 2021, we launched the Mercado Pago credit card in Brazil, and this was followed by Mexico in 2023. It is free, internationally accepted, digitally managed and can be used on- and off-platform. Additionally, in Brazil we offer asset-backed loans to ease the acquisition of cars through financing granted to our users. Our asset management product, which is available in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Chile, is a critical pillar of our financial services offering that enables us to compete with large banks. This product offers remuneration on balances held in the Mercado Pago digital account that is greater than traditional checking and savings accounts. This enables our users to earn a return with funds remaining available for withdrawal or to make payments without their funds being tied up in a time deposit. This product is another way in which we have innovated to promote financial inclusion in a region where there are many underbanked or unbanked consumers. In 2022, we launched savings products in Brazil that enable users to purchase certificates of deposit, which have a higher return than our basic asset management product. In partnership with a third party, we also launched three investment fund options in Brazil, which enable our users to diversify their investment portfolio in an accessible way and with options for quick withdrawal. As an extension of our asset management and savings solutions for users, we launched a digital assets feature as part of the Mercado Pago account in Brazil, Mexico and Chile, in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. This service allows our millions of users to purchase, hold and sell selected digital assets through our interface without leaving the Mercado Pago application, while a partner acts as the custodian and offers the blockchain infrastructure platform. This feature is available for all users through their Mercado Pago account. In 2024, in Brazil and Mexico we launched "Meli Dólar", a stablecoin that is pegged to the US dollar. Members of our loyalty program receive their cashback in Meli Dólar and all Mercado Pago users can buy, hold and sell the stablecoin without any fees. In 2024, we launched the latest iteration of the Meli+ loyalty program in Brazil and Mexico. The relaunch added new benefits to complement the additional free shipping threshold for loyalty members. The new benefits include cashback and extra installments on Marketplace purchases as well as new fintech benefits designed to drive principality, such as cashback on purchases made with the Mercado Pago credit card and an extra yield on deposits in the Mercado Pago digital account. The relaunch also introduced two subscription options for our users to be able to choose the benefits package that best suits them. The Meli+ Essencial option offers all of the previously mentioned ecosystemic benefits. The Meli+ Total option includes all of our ecosystemic benefits, plus free access to content from Disney+ and Deezer and discounts on other streaming services such as Max, Paramount+ and Vix. In 2024 we continued to scale Mercado Play, an AVOD streaming service first launched in 2023 and available to all users in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Peru and Uruguay. Mercado Play serves as a tool to drive user engagement on Mercado Libre and is a new platform to serve video advertising, complementing the portfolio of ads formats available through Mercado Ads. The content we offer through Mercado Play is sourced from third-party studios, with whom we have revenue sharing agreements. 6 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents We have two distinctive revenue streams in our business: ■ Commerce revenue Our Commerce business is comprised of two primary revenue streams: Services and Product Sales. Our Services revenue stream is mainly generated from Marketplace fees that include final value fees, which include the use of the payment solution, and flat fees for certain transactions below a certain merchandise value, related shipping fees, net of third-party carrier costs when we act as an agent, and storage fees, classifieds fees, advertising sales fees, and fees from other ancillary businesses. Our Product Sales revenue stream entails selling merchandise on a first-party basis from our own inventory and related shipping fees. ■ Fintech revenue Our Fintech business is comprised of three primary revenue streams: (a) Financial services and income, which includes revenues from commissions we charge for transactions off-platform derived from use of the payment solution and asset management product, offering installments, either when we finance transactions directly or when we sell the corresponding financial assets, interest earned on cash and investments as part of Mercado Pago activities, including those required due to fintech regulations, net of interest gains pass through our Brazilian users in connection with our asset management product, as well as Mercado Pago debit card commissions, and insurtech fees; (b) Credit Revenues, which includes revenues from interest earned on loans and advances granted to merchants and consumers, and interest and commissions earned on Mercado Pago credit card transactions; and (c) Fintech Product Sales, which includes revenues from sales of mobile point of sales devices. Our strategy Our main focus is to serve people in Latin America by enabling wider access to e-commerce, digital payments and financial services. By providing compelling technology-based solutions that democratize commerce and money, we contribute to the development of a large and growing digital economy in the region. We serve our buyers by giving them access to a broad and affordable variety of products and services, a selection we believe to be larger than otherwise available to them via other online and offline sources serving our Latin American markets. We believe we serve our sellers by giving them access to a larger and more geographically diverse user base at a lower overall cost and investment than offline venues serving our Latin American markets. Additionally, we provide payment settlement services and shipping solutions to facilitate such transactions, and advertising solutions to promote them. We also serve our users by making financial services more accessible through different credit and other financial products and by fostering entrepreneurship and social mobility, with the goal of creating significant value for our stakeholders. More broadly, we strive to make inefficient markets more efficient through technology and in that process generate value for all our stakeholders. To achieve these objectives, we intend to pursue the following strategies: ■ Expand into additional transactional service offerings. Our strategic focus is to enable online transactions of multiple types of goods and services throughout Latin America. Consequently, we strive to launch online transactional offerings in new product and service categories where we believe business opportunities exist. These new transactional offerings include, but are not limited to: (a) offering additional product categories in our Marketplace, (b) bringing new brands to our Marketplace, (c) complementing our 3P selection with 1P goods in selected categories where we can enhance price competitiveness and assortment, (d) expanding our presence in vehicle, real estate and services classifieds and (e) offering enterprise software solutions to our online commerce business users. ■ Continue to improve the shopping experience for our users . We intend to continually enhance our e-commerce ecosystem in order to better serve individuals, brands, retailers and other businesses that want to buy or sell goods and services online in a convenient, simple and safe way. Value-added services that we intend to continue to scale include, but are not limited to: (a) maximizing utilization of Mercado Envios, particularly our fulfillment services, (b) expanding our advertising offerings, both on- and off-platform, (c) maximizing the use of Mercado Pago as a means of payment in our Marketplace, and (d) scaling our loyalty scheme, MELI+. We are committed to continue investing in the development of new tools and technologies that facilitate web and mobile commerce on our platform. In line with our constant focus on innovation, a critical component of user experience is the vertical solutions that we offer across key categories. We will continue to focus on improving the functionality of our websites and apps to deliver a more efficient and safe shopping experience and providing our users with the help of a dedicated customer support department. We will continue to focus on increasing purchase frequency and transaction volumes from our existing users. We believe that a significant portion of our growth will be derived from the development of these tools and technologies . ■ Become the principal financial services partner to our users. We intend to continue scaling Mercado Pago's day-to-day financial services offerings for individuals and merchants through our digital account. Our strategic focus is to bring more users to Mercado Pago by leveraging our ecosystem, promoting financial inclusion and developing deep relationships with these users. We intend to promote the cross-selling of the products we offer, which include: (a) consumer & merchant loans, (b) credit and debit cards, (c) insurance, (d) savings, (e) investments, (f) digital payments, and (g) cryptocurrency buy, hold and sell. We are committed to developing new products to continue to offer innovative solutions to our users. We believe this strategy will help us maximize the utilization of Mercado Pago on our Marketplace and the value of Mercado Pago as a day-to-day financial services partner. ■ Overlay value-added services onto our payments processing products . We intend to enhance the value proposition of Mercado Pago's payments processing solutions by adding value-added services for merchants. This includes, but is not limited to: (a) our digital account to manage their finances; (b) offering credit products to help merchants to scale their business...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 31,939 字符 → 19,900 字符 ...]