# Item 7A

**Source**: 10-K (2024-12-31)
**Accession**: 0001099590-25-000007
**Compressed**: 15,642 → 9,946 chars (37% reduction)

---

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risks arising from our business operations. These market risks arise mainly from macroeconomic instability and the possibility that changes in interest rates and the U.S. dollar exchange rate with local currencies, particularly the Brazilian Real, Mexican Peso and Argentine Peso due to Brazil’s, Mexico’s and Argentina’s respective share of our revenues, may affect the value of our financial assets and liabilities. We are also exposed to market risks arising from our long-term retention programs (“LTRPs”). These market risks arise from our obligations to pay employees cash payments in amounts that vary based on the market price of our stock. Foreign currencies We have significant operations internationally that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Brazilian Real, Mexican Peso, Argentine Peso, Colombian Peso and Chilean Peso, subjecting us to foreign currency risk, which may adversely impact our financial results. We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues and costs. In addition, we charge our international subsidiaries for their use of intellectual property and technology and for certain corporate services. Our cash flows, results of operations and certain of our intercompany balances that are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may differ materially from expectations and we may record significant gains or losses due to foreign currency fluctuations and related hedging activities. We use foreign currency exchange forward contracts and currency swaps to protect our foreign currency exposure and our investment in a foreign subsidiary from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow, net investment and fair value hedges for accounting purposes. The derivatives’ gain or loss for cash flow and net investment hedges is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are subsequently reclassified into the consolidated statements of income in the financial statement line item in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The derivatives’ gain or loss for fair value hedges is reported in our consolidated statements of income in the same line items as the change in the value of the hedged item due to the hedged risks. As of December 31, 2024, we hold cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalent, short and long-term investments in local currencies in our subsidiaries, and have receivables denominated in local currencies in all of our operations. Our subsidiaries generate revenues and incur most of their expenses in the respective local currencies of the countries in which they operate. As a result, our subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional currency except for our Argentine subsidiaries, whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar due to the inflationary environment. As of December 31, 2024, the total cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalent denominated in foreign currencies totaled $4,032 million, short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies totaled $3,779 million and accounts receivable, credit card receivables and other means of payments and loans receivable in foreign currencies totaled $10,437 million. As of December 31, 2024, we had $495 million long-term investments denominated in foreign currencies. To manage exchange rate risk, our treasury policy is to transfer most cash and cash equivalents in excess of working capital requirements into U.S. dollar-denominated accounts in the United States and to enter into certain foreign exchange derivatives, such as currency forwards contracts, in order to mitigate our exposure to foreign exchange risk. As of December 31, 2024, our U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1,373 million and our U.S. dollar-denominated long-term investments totaled $708 million. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we had a consolidated loss on foreign currency of $182 million mainly related to lower foreign exchange losses due to acquisitions of financial instruments in the Argentine market at a price that reflects an additional cost of accessing U.S. dollars through an indirect mechanism due to restrictions imposed by the Argentine government for buying U.S. dollars at the official exchange rate, and due to lower foreign exchange losses from our Argentine subsidiaries. This was partially offset by higher foreign exchange losses from our Brazilian and Mexican subsidiaries. 65 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents Foreign currency sensitivity analysis The table below shows the impact on our net revenues and financial income, cost of net revenues and financial expenses, operating expenses, other income (expenses), income tax expense, net income and shareholders' equity for a positive and a negative 10% fluctuation on all the foreign currencies to which we are exposed to at the moment of translating our financial statements to U.S. dollars for the year ended December 31, 2024: (10)% (1) Actual ' +10% (2) (In millions) Net revenues and financial income $ 23,081 $ 20,777 $ 18,891 Expenses (3) (20,103) (18,146) (16,543) Income from operations 2,978 2,631 2,348 Other income (expenses) and income tax expense related to P&L items (596) (538) (492) Foreign Currency impact related to the remeasurement of our Net Asset position (202) (182) (165) Net Income $ 2,180 $ 1,911 $ 1,691 Total Shareholders’ Equity $ 4,842 $ 4,351 $ 3,949 (1) Increase of the subsidiaries local currency against U.S. Dollar. (2) Decrease of the subsidiaries local currency against U.S. Dollar. (3) Includes cost of net revenues and financial expenses and operating expenses. The table above shows an increase in our net income when the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies because of the positive impact of the increase in income from operations. On the other hand, the table above shows a decrease in our net income when the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies because of the negative impact of the decrease in income from operations. Brazilian segment Considering a hypothetical decrease of 10% of the Brazilian Real against the U.S. dollar on December 31, 2024, the reported net assets in our Brazilian subsidiaries would have decreased by approximately $286 million with the related impact in Other Comprehensive Income. Additionally, we would have recorded a foreign currency loss amounting to approximately $51 million in our Brazilian subsidiaries. Mexican segment Considering a hypothetical decrease of 10% of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar on December 31, 2024, the reported net assets in our Mexican subsidiaries would have decreased by approximately $142 million with the related impact in Other Comprehensive Income. Additionally, we would have recorded a foreign currency loss amounting to approximately $10 million in our Mexican subsidiaries. Argentine segment In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have classified our Argentine operations as highly inflationary since July 1, 2018, using the U.S. dollar as the functional currency for purposes of reporting our financial statements. Therefore, no translation effect has been accounted for in other comprehensive income related to our Argentine operations since July 1, 2018. Argentina’s annual inflation rate for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was 117.8%, 211.4% and 94.8%, respectively. We use Argentina’s official exchange rate to account for transactions in our Argentine segment, which as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was 1,032.00, 808.45 and 177.16, respectively, against the U.S. dollar. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, Argentina’s official exchange rate against the U.S. dollar increased 27.7%, 356.3% and 72.5%, respectively. Considering a hypothetical decrease of 10% of the Argentine Peso against the U.S. dollar on December 31, 2024, the effect on non-functional currency net asset position in our Argentine subsidiaries would have been a foreign exchange loss amounting to approximately $72 million in our Argentine subsidiaries. See Note 2 – Summary of significant accounting policies - Foreign currency translation - Argentine currency status and macroeconomic outlook of our audited consolidated financial statements for further detail on the currency status and the exchange regulations of our Argentine segment. 66 | MercadoLibre, Inc. Table of Contents Interest Our earnings and cash flows are also affected by changes in interest rates. These changes could have an impact on the interest rates that financial institutions charge us prior to the time we sell our Mercado Pago receivables and on the financial debt that we use to fund Mercado Pago and lending’s operations. As of December 31, 2024, Mercado Pago’s receivables totaled $5,288 million. Interest rate fluctuations could also impact interest earned through our lending solution. As of December 31, 2024, loans receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts from our lending solution totaled $4,895 million. Interest rate fluctuations could also negatively affect certain of our fixed rate and floating rate investments comprised primarily of time deposits, money market funds and sovereign debt securities. Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning products carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce ...



[... 内容已压缩，原文 15,642 字符 → 9,900 字符 ...]